He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do . (Filtered Words: 0)
I understand very well about Lauro Di Bosis and how his action is symbolic . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] called to him and he came slowly down the steps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All of them for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School , near Orange , Virginia , where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody had heard of [FILTERED] , the French impressionist . (Filtered Words: 1)
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked the children , whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable . (Filtered Words: 0)
A stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
The speed is controlled by pressing on the two brake buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
After this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a sudden stillness in the lobby . (Filtered Words: 0)
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is New York-born and Jewish . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , said he , but officials still called him `` evasive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 12 , 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew where to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Source program format (Filtered Words: 0)
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson [FILTERED] career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 1)
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , I've heard more about SX-21 than space exploration lately . (Filtered Words: 0)
It so happened that sports writer [FILTERED] got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence . (Filtered Words: 1)
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , sir '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't need worry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had his fingers in the kid's mouth . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had no ready answer , as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arnold sent for [FILTERED] , the executive secretary of the golf association . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dissect it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party lounged in the smaller alcoves between . (Filtered Words: 0)
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the bell at Mass , the doorbell was pitched too high . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had accomplished a miracle . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Landesco thought him `` just a superior sort of plugugly '' but he was , in fact , with his aggression and hostility , and nerveless indifference to risking or administering pain , a casebook psychopath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Industrial promotion (Filtered Words: 0)
In [FILTERED]'s speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the President's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them . (Filtered Words: 1)
It just didn't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of his favorites : `` Guitar Boogie '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Juet demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their own experience in the social system influences their work and attitudes as teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this statement is completely unconvincing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He glanced up in time to see [FILTERED] hurtling down on him from above , literally flying through the air , his bloody face twisted . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wildly erratic nature of Patrice Lumumba caused constant problems -- he frequently announced that he wanted the U.N. to get out of the Congo along with the Belgians , and appealed to Russia for help . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both were dressed rather formally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors . (Filtered Words: 0)
No mention of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was glad the fat man had left . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety , misunderstanding and suspicion . (Filtered Words: 0)
She read everything else she could get her hands on , including an article ( she thinks it was in the Atlantic Monthly ) by [FILTERED] on `` White Slavery '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , no doubt , is part of what [FILTERED] implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump we've made with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would cross to Manhattan , to Harlem Heights , before morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident [FILTERED] ( Time cover , May 2 ) , who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns , went on to win a record $80,738 for the year . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] ( ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann , and then could not get back to sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd be in real trouble then . (Filtered Words: 0)
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was meant to be my present '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Their house '' , writes [FILTERED] , `` was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer , especially grateful to one like myself far from home '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` [FILTERED] was really beautiful '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the day of the deadline came and passed , and the men who had scoffed at the warnings laughed with satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies , and to the lawmen the entire affair seemed a repetition of the [FILTERED] killing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Well you can pose inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's ruined us -- do you hear me -- he's ruined us ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was [FILTERED] of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , one of the world's foremost marine geologists . (Filtered Words: 1)
It inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hair is what he's nuts about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only were the contestants pleased with the Class , but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , I didn't know you , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He strained his hearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques , full of dash and wit and glamor , quoting from the books I read , imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special , after-school class I was enrolled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of ideas in literature is one of these . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evansville , Ind. , Aug. 5 (Filtered Words: 0)
The old woman had a nephew from North Italy , a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment , and who had migrated to Canada to work on the railway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Data in the present edition are presented in tables and lists . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that . (Filtered Words: 0)
That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by Chairman [FILTERED] who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials . (Filtered Words: 1)
Congress has not clearly defined the bounds between state and federal court competence . (Filtered Words: 0)
They smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure . (Filtered Words: 0)
They export also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Financing emerged as the main obstacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning , insecurity , unhappiness , and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early equipment was very flimsy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
sweet-sour sauce (Filtered Words: 0)
A fresh breeze saluted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe I could '' , he said , surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More acknowledges his debt to that book . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hung around the schoolhouse , watching through a window from outside while [FILTERED] straightened desks and put the room in order . (Filtered Words: 1)
Washington apparently decided to use an old formula , by injecting large military appropriations to speed the slow revival of the U.S. economy after a prolonged slump '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
all dusty and sunbaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Functionally the planning division carries out four activities : long-range state planning , current state planning , local planning assistance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're the kind of bastard who sneaks up on a man from behind and hits him with a club . (Filtered Words: 0)
At times , clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own , the big bo'sun's mate quavered : (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso gave me an unruffled look . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the King [FILTERED] one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were tire marks where it had been , but they were overlapped by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
And what had happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion usually also includes a principle of compensation , mainly in a promised perfect future state . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sculptor looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's to say , he was trigger happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water -- ocean , lake and reservoir . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expected weight loss for Af going to Af and Af is 10.6% . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four years after the publication of The History Of England , the first volume of [FILTERED]'s Queen [FILTERED] trilogy appeared . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had an uneasy feeling about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state Bureau of Audits . (Filtered Words: 0)
These new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thru development , the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size , and also in complexity , allowing a single propeller to be used , the navy said . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of Western leaders proposed by Sir [FILTERED] would serve a useful purpose . (Filtered Words: 1)
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America . (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't need concentration . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a fifty-fifty chance , perhaps , that he would be unmarried , and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
it's just right for a boy of 12-1/2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , chairman of the Oriole board of directors , and Public Relations Director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with fastidious distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. [FILTERED] had only seen fit to consult Mr. [FILTERED] or him about it . (Filtered Words: 3)
Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of Af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with Af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Freedom depends upon them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not a bit '' , I said , `` but she's keeping her figure in hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serenity , if one is fortunate enough to achieve it , is not so good as joy , but it is something . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thyroid function tests yielded normal results . (Filtered Words: 0)
The National Manpower Council of Columbia University has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the [FILTERED] vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , in that same cabin , [FILTERED] fell to his knees beside a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare . (Filtered Words: 0)
The universe is a safe and permanent home . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear , and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
She has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why the FDA , the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , and the National Better Business Bureau ( BBB ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually . (Filtered Words: 0)
He examined it carefully , handed it back and said , `` Eh bien , you may leave France '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She decided to risk it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] were only a dozen yards away , charging the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
Clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father . (Filtered Words: 0)
But unlike [FILTERED] , he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel [FILTERED] for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . (Filtered Words: 1)
All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of [FILTERED] or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science , education and social action on local , national and international levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Af layers are stacked normal to the ( 111 ) axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer , in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pushed at his shoulder , calling his name . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We grok God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Irradiation using the nuclide source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metropolitan St. Louis's relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political , business , civic and other leaders on both sides of the Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] would not have been alarmed if she saw [FILTERED] with an ax or hatchet in his hand . (Filtered Words: 2)
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
You only have to think of franks and sausages to know what I mean . (Filtered Words: 0)
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit , the well-made riding boots . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fellow-countryman , [FILTERED] , certainly did not . (Filtered Words: 1)
One handled the salesman in a friendly manner , another in a rough manner , and the third in a hesitating manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Growing up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child , even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was homesick '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As used in this section -- ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
I could send the money right back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The private eye is therefore a moral man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As their identity diffusion increased , they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Maine , and rounded out a rewarding program . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet . (Filtered Words: 0)
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ran the 100-yard dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against [FILTERED] , the swift , base-stealing shortstop of the White Sox . (Filtered Words: 2)
Baseball commissioner [FILTERED] has ruled that [FILTERED]'s record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games . (Filtered Words: 2)
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not present yesterday , however , to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
So here . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do . (Filtered Words: 0)
We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units . (Filtered Words: 0)
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] saw value even in an informal meeting , provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it . (Filtered Words: 1)
To `` Monty '' , the American people , who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight , `` now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third World War '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purified product was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data show daily and diurnal variations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions . (Filtered Words: 0)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing remarkable about this at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three Indian brass deities , though -- Ganessa , Siva , and Krishna -- are an altogether different cup of tea . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so halts were contrived between meals . (Filtered Words: 0)
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything being the sweater , a lipstick case , and a squirt bottle of Kissin' Kare pink hand lotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arrangement of the entrance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday morning it happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Student government (Filtered Words: 0)
He knows that he certainly does not want his children living this way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles . (Filtered Words: 0)
My advice , if you live long enough to continue your vocation , is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic , pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache . (Filtered Words: 0)
For innocence , of all the graces of the spirit , is I believe the one most to be prayed for . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle [FILTERED] in an infinite variety of contingencies . (Filtered Words: 1)
at first gratingly , caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's nothing for you here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
In these terms , the `` economic withdrawal '' of the Negroes of Nashville , Tennessee , from trading in the center city , for example , was clearly justified , since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls are prone to dress far more flamboyantly than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , mascara , and elaborate bouffant hairdos -- despite the admonitions of cautious guidance personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Handstands (Filtered Words: 0)
He started out as a stickman , then became a pit boss until the Club found him crossroading . (Filtered Words: 0)
The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made the mistake of going to the Jour et Nuit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to [FILTERED] and kissed her on the cheek . (Filtered Words: 1)
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Context is of extreme importance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This monitoring is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without monitoring a confused social event would develop . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he cannot order his elements by will , either rational or inspired . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was convicted last year of having aided North Celebes rebels by flying bombing missions . (Filtered Words: 1)
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's water in the house '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] insisted that she bestow her favors on him '' , the friend continued . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously , particularly your very , very serious questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there are big rogues in both countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be in range in a short while '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh-huh . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this has not , however , been an unmixed blessing . (Filtered Words: 0)
that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride couldn't do either , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance , she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the New York Casbah , with dark eyes and dark , waist-length hair , the face of an adolescent patrician and a lithe , glimmering body . (Filtered Words: 0)
They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The money's here , all of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the night of December 2 , 1943 , and it was growing dark in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hold his head up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved the flights over against one wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic . (Filtered Words: 1)
At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under this program , property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading , he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , regardless of how we ruled . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could . (Filtered Words: 1)
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help asked (Filtered Words: 0)
The undersecretary's in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his political testament , `` Advice To My Country '' , penned just before his death , [FILTERED] expressed the wish `` that the Union of the States be cherished and perpetuated . (Filtered Words: 1)
The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become . (Filtered Words: 0)
The improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold . (Filtered Words: 0)
there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the truth is what you've come for , is it not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Blue ribbons went to [FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of Beaverton . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` You aren't one of us . (Filtered Words: 0)
It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's past helping . (Filtered Words: 0)
The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of sweet wet nigger pussy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , [FILTERED] was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa'd been shit-sick in that pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Osaka , Mr. [FILTERED] had to leave us to get the train to his home , but Mr. [FILTERED] and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night . (Filtered Words: 2)
Demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the Medical Service Instructor's Conference , Brooke Army Medical Center , Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. March , like [FILTERED] , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
But then , through a strange coincidence , Maxwell manages to acquire Idal , a female otter , and the fascinating story starts once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Test 1 , (Filtered Words: 0)
When the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance , and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who , under [FILTERED] , the papal vicar of Tuscany , were so valuable in the crusade against the [FILTERED] cardinals and their Sicilian allies . (Filtered Words: 2)
Weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bobbing head was a poor target , so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I been riding train for a ways now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and put her arms around his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Self's integrity was and is and ever had been . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll take the rap . (Filtered Words: 0)
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00 , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wants to pay you a visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said , and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be calmer feelings . (Filtered Words: 0)
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm glad you feel that way , honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the Christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples Sunday school class . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of [FILTERED]'s and Poussin's way of filling space . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Aegean in 800 B.C. (Filtered Words: 0)
Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now that you offer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What a stinking world '' , Rourke said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was [FILTERED] ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
White's suggestion flattered , but he did not like the identity . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't even give me a chance to refuse . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No more today . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] has less reason for missing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But honest-to-Betsy , I've seed more hair than that on a piece o' bacon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He would send on by trusted messenger the dispatches with their electrifying news . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have to believe it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era , I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` McLish '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be passive , to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Af is the null space of Af , then Theorem 12 says that Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Latin American republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against [FILTERED] also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing Cuba off the Inter-American Defense Board . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
She instinctively regulated her `` sight '' until the skin lost its cratered look and the pores assumed normal proportions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about B'dikkat . (Filtered Words: 0)
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement ( so that go on is semantically equivalent to board ) , on has stronger stress than go does . (Filtered Words: 0)
You want me to call her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were thrown off the capstan and badly injured . (Filtered Words: 2)
The metal collar gagging his neck ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown . (Filtered Words: 1)
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments , they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooding about future wars , the Field Marshal has this to say : `` The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave ( as the white ) , usually more careless of death , less encumbered by mental doubts , less troubled by humanitarian sentiment , and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well , although , because of the nature of music , it is not demonstrable -- at least not conclusively . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , [FILTERED] , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself , for his own soul's sake , to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering , but this viewpoint [FILTERED] rejects . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was , thus , an early and spectacular victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a suburb '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use . (Filtered Words: 0)
under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's only his opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
He commented -- thoughtfully , a reporter told us -- that it was `` not too important for the individual how he ends up '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is , after all , a very oily character . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expression has become quite a cliche . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aged care plan , similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on Capitol hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by [FILTERED] ( 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their affection for their college home has even caused President [FILTERED] to comment on this `` place loyalty '' as something rather specially Hanoverian . (Filtered Words: 1)
For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration . (Filtered Words: 0)
In their place came local variations within the common style -- tentative , as it were , in Protogeometric products but truly distinct and sharply defined as the Geometric spirit developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
the three Moldavian dances entitled `` Zhok '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another remedy was oil of eucalyptus , used as well for chilblains . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is only one trouble with this big , beautiful dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The three would never meet again , but for some reason or other Mr. [FILTERED] was sure he would always remember the incident . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the kitchen Mama was wiping the cupboards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would the man make it or not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The forthcoming season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAKOS . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of [FILTERED] , Miss [FILTERED] has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of [FILTERED]'s genius , not to mention the felicities of his style . (Filtered Words: 3)
Thus , the dotted line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You scared me half to death '' , I said shakily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s aversion to having Dr. [FILTERED] , a former admirer , seemed silly to him , but he would humor her , get anybody she wanted , the best never being too good for her . (Filtered Words: 2)
This group pleads with the administration to `` give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal . (Filtered Words: 0)
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such delicate beauty , such fine flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor sat down rather wearily , caressing the hen and remarking that the city was not the place for a poultry-loving man , but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is in line for a big raise . (Filtered Words: 1)
there is no trick involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a private detective , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Loans (Filtered Words: 0)
Money -- a lot of money , enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
, [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 2)
The equation was simple : wealth brought them happiness , and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had , let no one in on the secrets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They ain't even in sight '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you will pardon , I think it would be better if not . (Filtered Words: 0)
They can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 33 honored students are : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Fil Terral , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 7)
The basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion . (Filtered Words: 1)
The fans of the musical were , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If an opponent accuses you of lying , don't deny it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The digger , thrusting about with his shovel , now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderer's Hollywood sport shirts . (Filtered Words: 0)
they could tell exactly what it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had put it down in a war novel , The Day Of The Lion . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was time to take bigger steps , to venture on experiments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refugees poured in , signing the Confession and rules in order to remain , and then disregarding them . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
No betting man , Mr. [FILTERED] says he's merely `` putting my neck out again '' by predicting the rate will go down this month . (Filtered Words: 1)
This piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in mooring and hauling fees in a few years . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1926 , when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest , only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest , even beside able and agile rookies like [FILTERED] ( who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field ) , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and gray-thatched [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
I didn't even have the nerve to call her on the telephone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to George and Lolotte . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now '' , he said , `` we got to put in some outlets for them power tools ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He repeated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The statement was effective . (Filtered Words: 0)
135 - 75 . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the waves threatening to swallow up the vessel ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who couldn't retaliate , and in due course , as was inevitable , overreached himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects . (Filtered Words: 0)
No need say anything at all to the old woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , there is also an optimistic side to the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costs were held down , despite a bitter winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
She repeated `` Eurydice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gallium / germanium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous , metamorphic , or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the components of the tektite . (Filtered Words: 0)
The average Democratic politician , especially in the country districts , is hungry for the spoils of office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled , but had condemned again and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
These principles we have now set forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Or , perhaps , especially in an Angel , whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
On October 19 , after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices , Ambassador [FILTERED] warned the UN General Assembly that this country , in `` self protection '' , might have to resume above-ground tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
The average Democratic politician , especially in the country districts , is hungry for the spoils of office . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above them , the sky was the black of space , or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis , seen against neon-lit snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action . (Filtered Words: 0)
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cards were then processed using standard IBM punch card equipment , including an IBM 650 computer . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps , each one accommodating fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo had faked death and was pitched on a stack of corpses , both the burned and the unburned , the latter decomposing rapidly under the tropical sun . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous necrotic fibers such as that shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He `` legitimized '' [FILTERED] for Lilian Steichen , and it was [FILTERED] who insisted on [FILTERED] for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] once stayed a fortnight at the Palace , and he was so pleased with omelet Arbogast that he introduced it at his restaurant in New York J. Pierpont Morgan had come in his private train to San Francisco , to attend an Episcopal convention , and brought the restaurateur with him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Practices in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ch. 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
If dark came they would lose her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the deja vue ( already seen ) illusion , just as they dismiss dream previsions as coincidences . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide . (Filtered Words: 0)
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1838 , a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter [FILTERED] moved west to Illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ringing the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spokesmen for the nation's tradition-minded sculptors promptly claimed that Udall was exiling the statue because of his own hostility to this art form . (Filtered Words: 0)
That courtyard picture with the same initials '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was horrified . (Filtered Words: 0)
She put the violin away and took out some linen , needles and yarn to while away the long , idle days in Budapest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case , one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a capacity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're from the Council of Europe , British delegation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right down the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl was not more than 16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you're doing your own contracting , don't award the job on the basis of price alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] showed them how to begin . (Filtered Words: 1)
They find dead winos every day , maybe they won't even autopsy him for the cause of death '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
269 F. 2d 613 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace , still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Key to the puzzles (Filtered Words: 0)
Orchesis , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by `` Roots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marksman gets two bull's-eyes , one on his third shot and one on his fifth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all know your foolish name '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They came upon cheetal deer at woodland pools . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present status of irradiation preservation of foods (Filtered Words: 0)
A variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross bristled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not bulky laborers , but sinewy men . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even he , wanting her , afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit , feared the evil presences in her metabolism more . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is , for example , a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What am I going to do with her all day ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And yet , despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade , 1960 has been a good year in many ways , with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an otherwise silent moment , [FILTERED]'s keys jingled nervously in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 1)
To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
And anyway [FILTERED] was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of this catastrophe , the bridge was rebuilt on the same plan and opened again on July 17 , 1827 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course I hope [FILTERED] can also , but those hopes are much more faint '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He helped [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty shied back , her hand to her mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are closed-circuit TV and audio systems for internal paging and instruction , along with radiation counters , timers , and similar devices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The language is the conventional language of the form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of God ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
I shook my head . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm not saying it right . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the converse at bottoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not rival (Filtered Words: 0)
Carried high on this `` charge '' , he composes `` magical '' poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words . (Filtered Words: 0)
One old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a fractious mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Mrs. [FILTERED] , wife of the new director of the foreign aid program , is the writer and lecturer [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're right about the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago , dealers report . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( surname : [FILTERED] ) , circa 30 , who was born in Italy and once did `` chorus work '' in Toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the seamen from the ships , you know , with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all . (Filtered Words: 2)
Until late last Saturday afternoon Palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the Masters -- four last year and three this -- without ever being out of first place . (Filtered Words: 0)
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's what I mean about you , [FILTERED] '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 1)
His real grievance was Lolly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was there that she would have to enact her renunciation , beg forgiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He caught up with the old man in the living room . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't think it was necessary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross stopped briefly , then went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worn through at the knees '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dietary influences (Filtered Words: 0)
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]'s physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the steppes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Af and Af are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife , respectively ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What the hell was he up to now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And the thing about hurt feelings , the wet bathing suit pointed out , is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
The functional interplay of philosophy and science should , as a minimum , guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hall , on the other hand , appeared lifeless and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
By myself I'll be fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A spectacle occurred across the meadow : the lone marine took a seat on the ground ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is hereditary was scoffed at ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor's mind was working at a great speed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a great acceleration in the metropolitan area's economy , there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters , and St. Louis will slip into second-class status . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Journal commented editorially on the surprising amount of local telegraphic business . (Filtered Words: 0)
One less shouldn't matter to him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED]'s car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Help him ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
The immediate need for this kind of co-operation is underscored by the strain in this nation's international balance of payments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was an honor , like dining with a captain at his private table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's happening in textiles can be handwriting on the wall for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something was needed to revive interest ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] led a reversing majority : `` Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Henri has always had shapely legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
This guy was strictly from Outsville . (Filtered Words: 0)
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
in fact it is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's leavin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess didn't seem too sure himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worst of all , [FILTERED] had no training for any kind of work . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious . (Filtered Words: 0)
An aqueous suspension of the spores of B. subtilis , var. niger , generally known as Bacillus globigii , was aerosolized using commercially available nozzles . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No. 2 man in the Tunisian Government , Defense Minister [FILTERED] , who flew to Washington last week to seek U.S. support . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among A.L.A.M. members . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , sudden-end sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Because they are `` minority '' exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the limbo of the forgotten . (Filtered Words: 0)
She mumbled , `` I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my [FILTERED] '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
There were seven of them , enough for a show of strength -- to run a bluff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wholesome snacks , no candy (Filtered Words: 0)
A brown hatching reinforces and broadens shadows , and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Secretary of the Board of War , thought [FILTERED] was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel . (Filtered Words: 2)
He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
( the same amount used in item 1 under Method Of Computing Allotments , above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models . (Filtered Words: 0)
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
As construction progresses , the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two uniformed officers , a couple of plain-clothesmen I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . (Filtered Words: 0)
The greenhouses alone cover 3-1/2 acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a gusty North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fats from the seeds of the mahua tree , the shea tree , and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries . (Filtered Words: 1)
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Step Aside ( Direct Rhythm-Wily Widow ) has worked in 2:32 on the half-mile track and shows promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance remains functionally useful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-slavery movement took many forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to [FILTERED] , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
What they wished for most was security ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and hardships . (Filtered Words: 0)
The attack started on October 2 , 1643 , and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I appreciate it , you do that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore the government wanted no part of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked to elaborate , [FILTERED] , White House press secretary , replied , `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife , Amra , and her lover are both savagely portrayed , she as incarnate sensuality , `` voluptuous '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` birdlike brain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
If some future Khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered predecessor , would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions applauding his dispossession ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because [FILTERED] was a perfect angel with the First Family . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shut up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Come right along . (Filtered Words: 0)
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special excursion rates , including seats at the park , just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new . (Filtered Words: 0)
If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved in close , jerked the handsome , broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chestnuts are starchy . (Filtered Words: 0)
costs actually vary in much more complex ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
None noted at the Dumont . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , no it was an unfortunate resemblance , that was all it was , and I turned to [FILTERED] , forcing myself to put my disquiet out of my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
plants are being taught to grow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] , who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years , has closed her desk and retired . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had little time to himself , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liter quantities of Mallinckrodt , low sulfur , reagent grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with Af and Af and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 watt tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been a mistake , but anything would have been a mistake , as it turned out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have witnesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whether or not [FILTERED] is correct in suggesting that Thompson's resumption of the opium habit also dates from this period is , of course , a matter of conjecture . (Filtered Words: 1)
Quietly he determined to foil her . (Filtered Words: 0)
These proposals would reduce the amount of tax that DuPont stockholders might have to pay -- from an estimated 1.1 billion dollars under present law to as little as 192 million dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
state and county committeemen , CDC directors and representatives , members of 16 area clubs , and `` all residents '' have been invited . (Filtered Words: 0)
So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival . (Filtered Words: 0)
She kept repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
Handguns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
Art may have been for him the most enduring , orderly , and noble activity of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sure , they're giving up hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Riverside dugout [FILTERED] , shortstop , whispered into [FILTERED]'s ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially , Hamrick's reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging . (Filtered Words: 0)
on Jan. 18 2:37.3--:36.1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Abruptly he reached into his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vice President said , `` If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me know . (Filtered Words: 0)
All Deegan had to do was slide , fall away , but instead , he rammed into the catcher . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a top horsewoman and one of the city's most gracious hostesses . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the first few weeks , it was obvious that rules had to be made , laid down and obeyed -- even if our popularity ratings became subnormal as a result . (Filtered Words: 0)
the man put his at the head of Capt. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She smelled of peppermints . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shirl Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A review of these policies indicates : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then what was it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , clarinet ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what [FILTERED] had said she did . (Filtered Words: 1)
I commend Senator [FILTERED] for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dirt , which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit colloidal properties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lots of throttle . (Filtered Words: 0)
she did not care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food : biscuits , cookies , candies -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man laid a hand on him , but the threat of violence was there . (Filtered Words: 0)
His movements and speech are precise , clear and quick . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See that guy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The method of compiling the AIA and TR lists will be described later . (Filtered Words: 0)
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A burlesque paean entitled : `` Hark The Herald Tribune , Times , And All The Other Angels Sing '' brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey . (Filtered Words: 0)
The efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
For discouragement , or the temptation to abandon our efforts , `` would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the omnipotence of God , the irresistible efficacy of prayer , the action of Christ or the power of the Divine Spirit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest rates (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you one of these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo , Captain [FILTERED] still with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of academic personnel the `` feeling '' of participation can hardly be `` faked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could wish that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary water tides are disregarded . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one objected , but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anta , his wife , never seemed to mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of pulling into the curb , [FILTERED] increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left . (Filtered Words: 1)
True , she was my Aunt , married to an [FILTERED] related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big hasps and secured the additional chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked up the cash box , he moved up the darkening street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hour couldn't change it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And these days , of course , in terms increasingly vivid and jubilant , it speaks of the end of that domination . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took some time to locate Horn . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I shall campaign on the [FILTERED] record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration , but [FILTERED]'s expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet . (Filtered Words: 1)
Few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased congressman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A second truce had been arbitrated in April , 1298 , by [FILTERED] , lord of Chalon-sur-Saone , the most staunch of [FILTERED]'s Burgundian allies , and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon , Othon's neighbor and a member of the [FILTERED] coalition . (Filtered Words: 3)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Do without fancy tablecloths . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five minutes later they reached the horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Puny goes with pale and peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He retreated a step and holstered his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but [FILTERED] and his wife settled here . (Filtered Words: 2)
Come on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Youngish man on the make , [FILTERED] labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as `` seduction '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of wedlock '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rifle cracked ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 1 , of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the bedroom she would insist on darkness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. [FILTERED] , who lives in Queens , to replace [FILTERED] , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. [FILTERED] , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. [FILTERED] as the candidate for Controller . (Filtered Words: 4)
This favorite grievance was not the landlord . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second edition should have greater uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He invited Mr. [FILTERED] to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team (Filtered Words: 1)
No friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least telephoning beforehand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The name thyroid-stimulating hormone ( TSH ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties , and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I get up early . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressway answer : East River Drive (Filtered Words: 0)
F . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opened the door and followed Rourke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heavy support (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly a window has been broken since Dunbar first was opened ( and vandalism in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
When prepositional complements are divided as in what are you looking for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Wisconsin Dells , where fantastically scenic rocks carved by the Wisconsin River are overgrown with fern and other foliage , rates a stopover when traveling from Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You could try . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lake Michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their reason : Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
During World War 2 , , he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , a boy's lively eyes might rove . (Filtered Words: 0)
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful , inadequate , unwanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pay him '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
We don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We won't know the full amount until we get a full report '' , Wagner said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers' stocks down (Filtered Words: 0)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
carcinoma of prostate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Honor attendants for the couple were Miss [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In 1951 , this was reaffirmed by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Means tried her first . (Filtered Words: 0)
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the campers still come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proof . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plenty of people haven't our brains and talent '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector laughed despite himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the Santo Spirito hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
comparative data . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And add fever to our troubles '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Helva . (Filtered Words: 0)
All are well distributed , not crowded together near the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams DES per head daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
For continuous control , feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an [FILTERED] missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Good man , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He simply found more work for him to do , and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking aim at the man's face , Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0-mg. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-C for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded : `` Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope , Master [FILTERED] , to curtail our liberty ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
By June 19 , 1788 , he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief , the Governor of the Southern Provinces , the Director of the War College -- The Prince . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such vital information , he said , has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
The story ends in the child's illness and delirium brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lying in the grass behind the brush clump , Warren looked about . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measure and record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Palmer knew , as did everybody else at Augusta , that his streak was about to be broken . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In this light we need 1,000 churches in Illinois , where we have 200 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If women replaced people , it would normally have dominant stress . (Filtered Words: 0)
It never worked , naturally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times . (Filtered Words: 0)
He waited eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to downgrade [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Diane spoke no Italian or French . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse spread his hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no longer any need to hide . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many passages -- for example , the council of boyars -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests from across U.S. honor Dr. Swim (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker and [FILTERED] wanted to substitute a work of art for the world . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lower number is always divided into the upper number : Af (Filtered Words: 0)
In the silence that followed , [FILTERED] walked close to Mrs. [FILTERED] , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . (Filtered Words: 2)
They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : `` the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- citron yellow , if he remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
The history of the U.N. demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four of us here in the United States attended , first as students , then as instructors , almost every one of these schools , in England , Canada , and the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was amazingly light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] both out of action due to injuries , the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game . (Filtered Words: 2)
But for all his erudite confidence , [FILTERED] was right out of the [FILTERED] mold . (Filtered Words: 2)
Among the musicals , Camelot came from T. H. White's The Once And Future King , and novels were the sources of the less than momentous Tenderloin and Do Re Mi . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. [FILTERED] implies that it is . (Filtered Words: 2)
the new birth is a new creation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For Mr. [FILTERED] , speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
File to a smooth finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Word of [FILTERED] death in an African plane crash has sent a shockwave around the globe . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
let [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] fretted . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as resorcinol , possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's ruined us -- do you hear me -- he's ruined us ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned . (Filtered Words: 0)
The frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chili con carne : use canned chili con carne . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Wanna beer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Monty '' shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support . (Filtered Words: 0)
The funeral service was in the house , the [FILTERED] minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't want no trouble , you don't want no trouble , nobody wants trouble , Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held candle (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
( B. D. Coleman with [FILTERED] , Department of Mathematics , Carnegie Institute of Technology ) viscoelastic measurements (Filtered Words: 1)
She was awarded the Professional Handlers' Ass'ns' Leonard Brumby , Sr. Memorial Trophy ( named for the founder-originator of the Junior Classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gallium oxide is less volatile than silica ( the main constituent of tektites ) and germanium oxide is more volatile . (Filtered Words: 0)
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being Copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . (Filtered Words: 0)
But regattas are scheduled right up to Christmas . (Filtered Words: 0)
He built a school and a library , then a recreation center and an inn . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are a party thrower , you may need added capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white people fall back bitterly before the black horde ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , however , a disarming disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has [FILTERED] proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years , but also one who can function remarkably under pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody , he suddenly realized , was saying anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the [FILTERED] revivals . (Filtered Words: 1)
The great black leopards . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses . (Filtered Words: 0)
then he turned to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearing his voice ring raucously up from the road , [FILTERED] would await him anxiously and watch perplexed as he walked into the house , cold sober . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too many husbands , Dr. [FILTERED] continues , worry about `` how well they're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I love fingerprints '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie could feel himself toppling . (Filtered Words: 0)
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When and where to file (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] back up and repeat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth was , the puncher was both bewildered and dismayed by his own mixed luck . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are very proud of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the spring of 1942 Operation Reinhard began in Lublin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with a glory that almost wiped out the deep , downward sags in her careworn face , Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to [FILTERED] , who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon `` Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case , one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stroked him , snaked all through him , the lyrics lifted him , took him from one magic isle to another , stopping briefly at each Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently his water brother said breathlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom . (Filtered Words: 0)
At any rate , it shows us how immaterial we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
You Secesh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because God is what He is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following the term of service in Japan , each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One thing , Summers '' , Brenner said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the civic temper rises , the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A night policeman just like in the States . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a lordly and generous gesture , the discoverer stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment , Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the handful of painters that Austria has produced in the 20th century , only one , [FILTERED] , is widely known in the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many years have passed since a Metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing . (Filtered Words: 0)
And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two friends were talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
the cocktail party . (Filtered Words: 0)
7-6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg , one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would `` always recall with the sincerest gratitude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of beginnings . (Filtered Words: 0)
He gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree at 4.2 Af but increased to several millidegrees for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group , which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature magnet wires . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] looked puzzled . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ' , who are specialists in one particular technical subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten minutes early . (Filtered Words: 0)
The son and heir of a prominent family marries a girl who has tell-tale shadows on the half-moons of her finger nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive . (Filtered Words: 0)
I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He queried . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act . (Filtered Words: 0)
With [FILTERED]'s blessing , he was convinced that Allstates' Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly , tanks , missiles or ordnance of some kind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We are Americans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and qualitatively ) ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The following week , I read in the Sunday paper that the students of Russia begin European and Asian languages in the seventh grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for [FILTERED] to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I won't force [FILTERED] to come against her will . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown . (Filtered Words: 1)
The staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw Stacy leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Standard years -- eighty-four years , seven months , three days , two hours , eleven and one half minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We grok God '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Example 11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she had finished I said : (Filtered Words: 0)
in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by [FILTERED] , who could charge off one room on his expense account . (Filtered Words: 1)
First is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation , planning and discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play . (Filtered Words: 0)
What kind '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
That ought to draw a laugh , [FILTERED] reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
Asked [FILTERED] at one stage of his excavation project . (Filtered Words: 1)
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As it is written , There is not one just man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Deactivation of enzymes is also possible , although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would champion me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was handsome , with his coal-black hair and eyes , his fine-chiseled features . (Filtered Words: 0)
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- [FILTERED] and The Prince . (Filtered Words: 1)
According to Stacy , she told him she was planning to remarry and she wanted him to ask [FILTERED] for the lump sum . (Filtered Words: 1)
They hail from Travancore , a state in the subcontinent where [FILTERED] , the goddess of death , is worshiped . (Filtered Words: 1)
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
evaluation of histochemical techniques ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll get him soon , see what he says '' , Chief Moore cut in . (Filtered Words: 0)
a gross boy in his teens , shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled modestly . (Filtered Words: 1)
their example caused Krim and his friends to put on `` Englishy airs , affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and social-register unnaturalness in order to slip through their narrow transoms and get into their pages '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part 2 , , up to the end of 1951 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked from her to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey agreed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite a too long sustained declamatory flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why British audiences apparently were impressed by `` Roots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You might as well wait here while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the name of his other leg '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nieman kept in lineup . (Filtered Words: 0)
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a hard voice , too , this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came , for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes . (Filtered Words: 0)
About that time Miss [FILTERED] straightened up and looked out the window directly at him , he thought , although probably she didn't even see him . (Filtered Words: 1)
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was blurred , after two hours of steady drinking , but the occasion of it came back to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A realistic `` concert of free nations '' might be expected to consist of an `` inner community '' of the North Atlantic nations and an `` outer community '' embracing much or all of the non-Communist world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , he had done wonders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not content to create only the music and lyrics , [FILTERED] also wrote the book and directed [FILTERED] ( Capitol WAO 1643 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
But if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day , it is certainly more restful to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday , ran for 30 minutes , then went in , while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
God would not do that , [FILTERED] thought stubbornly . (Filtered Words: 1)
He came spurring and whooping down the road , his horse kicking up clouds of dust , shouting : (Filtered Words: 0)
There are even publications called Sick and Mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , after you've seen all the historical piazzas and plazas , the places and forums , the churches and museums , the palaces and castles , and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe , you'll want to change your course and follow the by-roads at will , far from the market places . (Filtered Words: 0)
he just can't do anything about it at all ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Important considerations common to each type of shelter are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bomb Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
My last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Geely . (Filtered Words: 1)
The second bottle passed a few times . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
A third remarked of slowness of Southerners : `` they moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a litter of hungry leaches on the neck of a wooden god '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
That the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain , or 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance . (Filtered Words: 0)
No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
It aggravated him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
I made you a man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` After inspiring this , I think we should certainly follow through on it '' , he declared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even [FILTERED] , in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome , followed the old taboo of `` quitting the gab when wearing the nosebag '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of [FILTERED]'s hoped-for third year , and for the weeks following it [FILTERED] did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our first necessity , at the very outset of war , is post-attack reconnaissance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U. S. of both approval and disapproval . (Filtered Words: 0)
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes mischievous , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the cathedrals about which you have spoken '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How'd you do it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We are concerned not with the genus communism nor with other species of the genus : Platonic , Stoic , early Christian , monastic , canonist or theological communism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
It still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on U.S. Route 250 -- the old Beverly and Fairmont Turnpike . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint . (Filtered Words: 1)
This energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath . (Filtered Words: 0)
Congresswoman Church (Filtered Words: 0)
Once burned -- scalded , really , because [FILTERED] had given him every encouragement -- forever shy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a Democrat himself who expects Mr. [FILTERED] to be a fine President . (Filtered Words: 2)
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this three-hour film . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , sudden-end sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We have been using the word `` public '' in quotation marks , that is , in its vernacular connotation with reference to the odd-lot index theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you had them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not that anxious , but maybe that's why you're so fair '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with Russian machine guns , attacked the position held by [FILTERED]'s men . (Filtered Words: 1)
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin , then we must fight . (Filtered Words: 0)
This medication was continued until February , 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
By force , he took under his protection , or stole , 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And how is she '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay , [FILTERED] always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , disregarding rain , snow and sleet in true postal tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
This buffer , pH 8.6 , was 0.005 M in Af and 0.039 M in tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminometha ( Tris ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Battalion Chief [FILTERED] , 42 , the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union , suffered multiple fractures of both ankles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then [FILTERED] stumbled , and again he was falling , falling ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Mahayana Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments , but at present it is deserted and seductive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dried rumen bacteria . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
He travelled all over the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just as it has its [FILTERED] , though nobody'd ever bothered to tell me that . (Filtered Words: 1)
One should be able to get hold of the book at once . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help smuggle the hen back into the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , I agree with the Captain '' , Gansevoort said thoughtfully , `` but the conspiracy is ferocious and desperate . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , pianist , on Feb. 23 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells . (Filtered Words: 0)
There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` At least you could leave it for the movers '' , Miss [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street , talking to the kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even [FILTERED] , for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in The Sun Also Rises and A Farewell To Arms never maintained that sex was all . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brewers today use corn , rice , and malted barley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kernels of brazil nuts , cashews , coconuts , filberts , hazelnuts , hickory nuts , pecans , walnuts , and pine nuts are predominantly oily . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell , [FILTERED] was unconditionally graduated and installed in her ship , the Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Plenary Indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one , which is higher and stronger than the old one . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no sign of Mrs. [FILTERED] at her house on [FILTERED] , Ridgefield , Connecticut . (Filtered Words: 2)
His prescription : hot and cold compresses to increase her absorption of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable . (Filtered Words: 0)
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm a little groggy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He scored a 4 for the embedded ball , a 3 with the provisional one . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , more than a hundred years ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] hung on , living , after a fashion , in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he was back on his feet again and about to reinstall the fuses , however , he hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within only a few years , foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral , and important , phase of the plastics industry -- and the end is still not yet in sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's how it can be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since he introduces so much modern music , I could not resist asking how he felt about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence '' of the 50 persons . (Filtered Words: 1)
a winning little `` Snow Maiden '' variation by the adorable Galina Kekisheva ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the National Forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if people do , in a not far distant future , begin to read one another's minds , there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more , that is , than what you can read in good books . (Filtered Words: 0)
Said the whining voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing could be seen from the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This had worried her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the vertex at Af in the C-plane we assume that Af is the parametric location on C of an ordinary intersection Q between C and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are also more basic problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
These principles we have now set forth . (Filtered Words: 0)
I outweigh you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a production to make of a letter commending your own son ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I made you so you could stand up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its costive deliberations were likened to those of the British courts of chancery mercilessly caricatured by [FILTERED] in Bleak House . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . (Filtered Words: 0)
This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By yourself '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A farewell supper Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs. [FILTERED] has been canceled because Mr. [FILTERED] is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery . (Filtered Words: 3)
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet rubbed his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that doesn't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite his yearning , the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tri-State has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . (Filtered Words: 0)
In plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children need help in learning to control their emotions . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Revenue estimated (Filtered Words: 0)
Attacks Republicans (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , [FILTERED] was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he applied the applicator extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s body , [FILTERED] kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then , after emasculation , he was eased up for a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a lot of shooting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schopenhauer never learned (Filtered Words: 0)
We sold only four pickers all last year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember the night Will Rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and [FILTERED] data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . (Filtered Words: 2)
Undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
We define these values as Af , and define g{t} in the same way for each T . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word . (Filtered Words: 0)
then a porter from Manning's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received . (Filtered Words: 0)
He may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method , today , thanks to new catalysts , they can be produced by a one-shot technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Better show it to [FILTERED] and see if he had omitted anything . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mustard cream (Filtered Words: 0)
The windshield glass is shatterproof and Plexiglas is used in the cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians . (Filtered Words: 0)
he could only see the light coming over the horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Key to the puzzles (Filtered Words: 0)
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is an aggressive , nervous child . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all . (Filtered Words: 1)
These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the situation had been bad , it now got worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
The perjury charge against Mr. [FILTERED] carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this movie-to-be in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more tranquil , a wiser person , all the better for her stay out here . (Filtered Words: 0)
As violently as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , what happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but Leger , Arp , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , at the time , gave him their blessing . (Filtered Words: 2)
Mack's the leader at camp , but [FILTERED]'s here , with this is deprived of stress , makes here the complement in the clause . (Filtered Words: 1)
Considering that the current school-age potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a Christian manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` Essex Journal '' says that he `` delivered an oration on the bridge , which for elegance of style , propriety of speech or force of argument , was truly Ciceronian '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] pushed through first . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
An agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
What then , are the factors that contribute to these phenomena ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 21 , of Rte. 3 , Lawrenceville , and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 23 , of Lawrenceville , died in the flaming car , the patrol said . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
After Cuba and Laos , it was argued , Mr. [FILTERED] will interpret the President's consent to the meeting as further evidence of Western weakness -- perhaps even panic -- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds . (Filtered Words: 1)
all dusty and sunbaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such locks are nearly always used where the switch points `` face '' oncoming traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Three shots in that fella 'fore he hit the ground ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
When Sir [FILTERED] enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft , [FILTERED] and others leveled his hedges on January 21 , 1600/1 , and were charged with riot by Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
In this play there were so many characters and so much detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , [FILTERED] , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , [FILTERED] -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms . (Filtered Words: 2)
On November 24th , they had made a raid on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Social Darwinism was able to stave off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I imagine you're always battling in school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor's present term of office expires Jan. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
I had intended to be there myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dumbbell variation develops a most classically sculptured outline to the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brace of pistols , holstered on belts , hung from a peg , along with ammunition pouches . (Filtered Words: 0)
He himself did not know , as he said in 1935 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he didn't play golf , didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot , of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , the fair-weather friends of yesteryear ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was awkward : very awkward . (Filtered Words: 0)
By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never , never did I offer him the exclusive rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
These cells were thawed at 37-degrees-C for 30 min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions ( 20 , 18 , 10 , 8 , 4 and 2% ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
There you'll witness a view which includes the Adirondack Mts. and the Winooski River . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also likes Hampton Hanover ( Titan Hanover-Bertie Hanover ) 2:37 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his faint surprise [FILTERED] held up his hand . (Filtered Words: 1)
An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The stated goal of the CJS is the synthesis of jazz and `` serious '' music . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal . (Filtered Words: 0)
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient , as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they came to Mr. [FILTERED]'s photograph , twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame , Miss [FILTERED] said , `` By rights I ought to leave that , seeing he won't take my clotheshorse '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
He cupped his ear and shook his head at her repetition , announcing in a nettled way that he had heard her the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The United States hopes that any future [FILTERED] would not become Communist dominated . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nobody , he suddenly realized , was saying anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazing and firing are not given . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , [FILTERED] added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint . (Filtered Words: 1)
With a bold arm , he dared once more to obstruct them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Connally amendment's repeal held step toward world order (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be opera bouffe now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday , ran for 30 minutes , then went in , while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked , taking him and [FILTERED] into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun . (Filtered Words: 1)
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. [FILTERED] himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated selectively , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally . (Filtered Words: 0)
then no matter what happens , the child's performance will be controlled . (Filtered Words: 0)
You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the Greek chole , meaning bile , and sterios , meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells , since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. [FILTERED] , the actor '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are Descartes , Newton , and Voltaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Research , development test and evaluation funds , devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft , and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she drove , she thought about her plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
High nutritional value , variety , palatability , and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goodby , Mr. [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
It gave her propriety . (Filtered Words: 0)
But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no surcease from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man stalked toward them , his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog , but 85% of his trips were completed . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier's efforts , however , were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district , and he decided to send troops into the troubled country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below , twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
They found it at the junction between Troops H and G , and prepared to counterattack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new `` Phedre '' was done in 17th century setting , instead of ancient Greek ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , stealthily they advanced upstream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the Germans , a few days before France capitulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
They walked toward each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of [FILTERED]'s most serious shortcomings , however , was his mistrust of his cavalry . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chestnuts are starchy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It went to his head , and his ambition increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge [FILTERED] to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It changes and develops according to the text ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with [FILTERED] , progressed through [FILTERED] and the cubist [FILTERED] , and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning . (Filtered Words: 3)
Rev looked up and saw her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait , to consider , to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't push it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One night , at the close of the evening service , he came forward , left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only one worth a shit , and that's Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just a preliminary measure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd told [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do . (Filtered Words: 2)
He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How many pamphlets do we have in stock '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To play the guitar as he aspires will devour his three-fold energy as a historian , a poet and a singer . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , at the same time Montgomery selects as his hero [FILTERED] , who is a militarist dominated by political ambitions . (Filtered Words: 1)
The award was made by Judge [FILTERED] who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
Oh he was smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors . (Filtered Words: 0)
She might be firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lyric , [FILTERED] remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody . (Filtered Words: 1)
The hen appeared to have no doubts as to her duties and was quick to settle down to the performance of them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one now-historic first interview , for example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , The First Five Minutes ) goes like this : The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
'' 353 U. S. , at 589 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dairy (Filtered Words: 0)
And for the thousandth time , I answered myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Puttana '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Professor Cestre , could it be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among my school and neighborhood friends , during the next months , I bragged and swaggered and pompously described my impending date . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is surprising and pleasant is that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative . (Filtered Words: 2)
Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sitting on her terrace , sitting in her parlor , sitting anywhere , she ground an axe of self-esteem . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were shattered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This we might well witness '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union . (Filtered Words: 0)
For that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent Americans are now proposing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The travel time of sound in tissue is about 1500 meters per second ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Other capable soloists included [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
In Minnesota , Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has your company thought through its strategy in this whole `` discretionary buying '' area ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 700 employees make gin machinery that's sold anywhere cotton is grown . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get in , buddies . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'd heard the record together once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing bald , open ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that Verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between Amonasro and Aida . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something clicked in this instance , but I treated her circumspectly and I felt that she knew it , for we both kept our distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she said , `` Allons '' , and we got up and went to my hotel without another word . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess I'll find out soon enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a freshman Congressman to read political Lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a pale woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what has aptly been called a `` constitutional revolution '' , the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature ( the `` night-watchman state '' ) to one with affirmative duties to perform . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : Government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will , and law became a rational system for implementing that will , for serving conscious goals , for embodying the `` public policy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . (Filtered Words: 0)
We seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in [FILTERED]. 7 , as well as many other hitherto impossible insights . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most pastors and laymen , even though they believe it to be important , assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their parishes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is a fine second act , as an example , one in which [FILTERED] , as Dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another . (Filtered Words: 1)
) But the inner , formal logic of Cubism , as it worked itself out through the collage , had just as much to do with shaping their decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dartmouth Skiway , at Holt's Ledge , ten miles north of the campus , has one of the best terrains in the East , ranging from novice to expert . (Filtered Words: 0)
His technique is genuinely masterful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The twist lay in using [FILTERED] voice on the sound track while leading man [FILTERED] mouthed the words . (Filtered Words: 2)
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Dandy is to be our house guest , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases , 36 boys and 36 girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally they went off to file their stories , after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest vigil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go , tell his aged mother that her son [FILTERED] with a thousand foes , and he was one '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Since his Christ was to be life size , how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
These data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resistance thermometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Gathering intelligence is important , but of equal importance is its translation into usable form . (Filtered Words: 0)
( American League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patrolman [FILTERED] , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for [FILTERED] , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scripps School , for his assistance in the case . (Filtered Words: 2)
The piano performance on this [FILTERED] is one that really demands a search for superlatives . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] , he believes , has no particular political philosophy and mismanaged his own campaign . (Filtered Words: 1)
But this is a contradiction , for we know that the multiplicity of f{t} is odd for every T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Canned cocktail frankfurters (Filtered Words: 0)
The director's office . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously , or at least is continuously sprung , so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long pulsations of the phrase or strophe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considering the high cost of the F-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project . (Filtered Words: 0)
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw that letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they had dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] was bringing Cuba not freedom , but hatred . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now don't shut this door . (Filtered Words: 0)
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping eave . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work force from segregated communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice , before God , for every individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the hydrophilic sticky or dried soils . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him . (Filtered Words: 0)
8 (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a profound statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a powerful sense of community , even with little or no machinery , means a great deal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not simply a brief program when the schools are actually desegregated but a continuing program that also promotes integration , that encourages the children and teachers not to look at each other as white or Negro , but as human beings . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the pundits seem to have suspected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Polls will be in the water office . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are real analytic periodic functions with period T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Independent market owners work six days a week ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It stood in its original form until 1882 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had been in Japan just one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Select class members for reports on various phases of the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the Reef . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions . (Filtered Words: 0)
To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the Pratt Hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af and P divides Af for Af , we have Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was also stone deaf in her right ear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Damn it , he thought bitterly , picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plays more highly formalized than `` Waiting For Godot '' , `` Endgame '' , and `` Krapp's Last Tape '' would be hard to find . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Exterminatin' cow thieves is just a business proposition with me '' , he'd blandly announce . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the youths fled with his money . (Filtered Words: 0)
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story . (Filtered Words: 0)
He becomes more callous , the population becomes more hostile , the situation grows more tense , and the police force is increased . (Filtered Words: 0)
Materials and methods (Filtered Words: 0)
But this fluent , enchanting utterance had , compared with important artists of the past , relatively little content . (Filtered Words: 0)
A terrible , numbing sense of futility swept over him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She understood sex anyway , and played at it well . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember how she looked when [FILTERED] held the door for her ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
No one material is best for all situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place pattern inside holder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
we can return the following morning (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh -- we managed '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge was so farfetched that [FILTERED] paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the [FILTERED] organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels . (Filtered Words: 2)
If there were more such cases , it would be easier to answer the question whether the policy-makers favor their own social classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Origin of state automobile practices (Filtered Words: 0)
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The 2 possible outcomes on each trial are `` driver '' or `` nondriver '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much , I assure you . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Welcome into the fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
At the outset of his career , [FILTERED] had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by vowing to do a Schonberg work every year . (Filtered Words: 1)
To sew in sleeves : (Filtered Words: 0)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
And so , still wondering and a little perplexed , he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding . (Filtered Words: 0)
In normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks . (Filtered Words: 0)
One swallow was all he would have ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church , one white , that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a heavy , ponderous [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We've only been married four years , January '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners , stabilizers , or dispersing agents . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I hated the war '' , he said , `` but thought I ought to go because I was , perhaps , one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did Mrs. [FILTERED] owe him any wages '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Inquisitor-General of the Spanish Inquisition , put many persons to death . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hebrews 14 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Worry had a great deal to do with it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It seemed to [FILTERED] that all their married life , she and [FILTERED] had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gibby said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the curio cabinet on its south wall and the bureaus beneath , you abstracted seventeen ivory , metal , wood , and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin , two snuffboxes , and a jade-handled magnifying glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] humbly lowered his head , pushed aside the hardtack-box door of the hut , and was gone from sight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am not a philosopher . (Filtered Words: 0)
This retelling by [FILTERED] of the brief , anguished life of [FILTERED] -- poet and master novelist at 23 , dead at 28 -- is in novelized form but does not abuse its tragic subject . (Filtered Words: 2)
I lived in this onward-driving contest where each day overcame a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties , which already had high school desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She had helped him change his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never saw him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel had little to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
This had a pleasant effect upon the Sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special excursion rates , including seats at the park , just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publishers want books that will sell , recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music , grade and high schools want quaint , but moral , material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem must be faced squarely . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he moved , he would be in the path of the other car . (Filtered Words: 0)
That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a raucous take-off on radio commercials , [FILTERED] hawks a cure-all for neuritis , neuralgia , head-cold distress , beriberi , overweight , fungus , mungus and water on the knee . (Filtered Words: 1)
The only woman recipient , Miss [FILTERED] will receive the award with [FILTERED] , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Of course I don't mind '' , she answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with [FILTERED] on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
They recall Byron's classic comment : `` I wish he would explain his explanation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , it is urged , would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust magnates . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Don't even send flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first hardly a person in the audience moved , although some umbrellas were opened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Af is instrumentally determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , at the age of twenty-three , industriously calculating logarithms `` to two and fifty places '' during the great plague year in England , 1665 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
What do you do to them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor were there any rules to save him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she catapults into `` everything and everybody '' , putting particular violence on `` everybody '' , indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag -- that is , it is not congruent to the patient's general style of speech up to this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of Civil War letters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Very well '' , she said , `` I'll not catechize you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
About the Pro Arte's contribution I am less happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred , mumbling , sitting up in a half stupor to say : (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus required a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The many and frequent performances of the [FILTERED] serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing . (Filtered Words: 1)
In what's a linguist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party , she asked that I come and be her date . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a POW began . (Filtered Words: 0)
Used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be sure , the capital investments in ( or , alternatively , the estimated `` fair values '' of ) the plant and equipment are apportioned among the different classes , as are also the gross revenues received from the sales of the different services . (Filtered Words: 0)
They `` operate on a volume basis '' , it was contended , `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He echoed again in soft wonder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( Fig. 5 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The years of [FILTERED]'s partnership with his father were numbered . (Filtered Words: 1)
In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown's attire -- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parkway courtesy (Filtered Words: 0)
It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old . (Filtered Words: 0)
Considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor is it at all likely that a `` desperate '' claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leader's right hand was on the butt of his revolver . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another boy's model is the (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice '' , she echoed mockingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pets in apartments (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
A dull boom and a throbbing echo . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incapable of self-delusion , the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last Congress adopted seven bills for memorials , including one to Taras Shevchenko , the Ukrainian poet laureate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T . (Filtered Words: 0)
He lived at 6124 [FILTERED]. . (Filtered Words: 1)
For what we propose , however , a psychoanalyst is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is he '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , attempting to hide the protuberance at his left side behind [FILTERED]'s arm and back . (Filtered Words: 2)
Then he began to crawl again . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is unfair and unchristian to ask a person to take the sacred vows of Church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest . (Filtered Words: 0)
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He too asked to see the same page . (Filtered Words: 0)
The victim Darnell Somerville , Negro , 1 , was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Abnormal pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even if he angry , [FILTERED] wouldn't hurt a woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you'll need to bring in the income you expect . (Filtered Words: 0)
How's your cold '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Prof. [FILTERED] , 76 , a Congregational minister and a leading authority on the New Testament , is general director of the project and chairman of the New Testament panel . (Filtered Words: 1)
They picnicked by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The award was made by Judge [FILTERED] who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled . (Filtered Words: 0)
He introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a flood of protests , they were reinstated at the beginning of 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century -- stone age amazons who live in an all-female , matriarchal society which is self-sufficient '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I been riding train for a ways now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , too , believes in good intentions and is astounded and offended when they are not taken for the deed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to `` escape '' from the real world , or simply to rebel against it , the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of `` improving '' things . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` See for yourself , Miss Zion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] , did I wake you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The states and the Nation's Capital all have some desegregation , in fact some dating back to 1954 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On this , she builds an `` egg compartment '' or `` egg cell '' which is filled with that famous pollen-and-nectar mixture called beebread . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in Moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some years later the bank handling the [FILTERED] liquidation received a check for $300,000 , enough to clear up the debt . (Filtered Words: 1)
The basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual continuities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That was an awfully long two weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned , then , to look toward the lighted Boulevard , and saw Rourke's tall , emaciated figure come out of the lounge and hurriedly start to angle across the street toward the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll get around to it a little later '' , he mumbled desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt strongly attached to the hall , however , and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he made plans for the new Taliesin , [FILTERED] also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths , and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp . (Filtered Words: 1)
Addition is indicated by the + symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The returns from companies classified as large businesses were set aside and not used because they were not relevant to a study of the opinions and practices of small firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The monitors ran twenty-four hours each day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
This system was dependent upon identical maps and [FILTERED] supplied them from a mobile lithograph press . (Filtered Words: 1)
The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is 4.4 million dollars , said [FILTERED] , president of Carson Pirie Scott & Co. , committee chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states , on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern game-management ) for five and six months each year . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was doing most of the talking . (Filtered Words: 1)
Two late Sonatas , [FILTERED]. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the [FILTERED]. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious . (Filtered Words: 1)
yielding-Mediterranian-woman- , she soothed me , and drew me deeper into her . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't catch a wink . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , obviously , a proper goal of research to improve on this property . (Filtered Words: 0)
Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at [FILTERED]'s heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
For example , probably very few people know that the word `` visrhanik '' that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb `` bouanahsha '' : to salivate . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , after everybody has followed the New England pattern of segregating one's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce : (Filtered Words: 0)
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mose asked softly . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're going to listen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly , coolly , decide to clobber the Russians ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to Germany with her brother [FILTERED] and his family while he was there on study . (Filtered Words: 1)
I was hungry as a wolf , and my body felt lean and vital . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes , losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers , to name but two . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and ten of his friends were thrown in jail . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was very funny about the whole thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment , [FILTERED] almost slammed on the brakes to go back to [FILTERED] and ask if [FILTERED] was about . (Filtered Words: 3)
[FILTERED] has consistently voted to aid the people who killed [FILTERED] , and against principles [FILTERED] died to uphold . (Filtered Words: 2)
Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail . (Filtered Words: 0)
For all these points he relies exclusively on [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s study of 1932 , The Modern Corporation And Private Property . (Filtered Words: 2)
In any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch remained essentially intact . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The writer , being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students , did insist on there being included some `` hindsight '' material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would make anyone crafty and cruel , capable of fiendish revenge . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed . (Filtered Words: 0)
So successful has been this program , worked out by white and Negro civic leaders , that further extensions are expected in the next few months . (Filtered Words: 0)
The insistent talk-aboutiveness of the general environment obtrudes into even the most idyllic poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that gun was empty . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is easily seen that Af divides G . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , like [FILTERED] , the bugler boy who carried [FILTERED]'s last message , or [FILTERED] , the one-man Army on [FILTERED] , was a [FILTERED] , through and through . (Filtered Words: 6)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning , their egotism , their relentlessness . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . (Filtered Words: 0)
There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . (Filtered Words: 0)
More recently , polyethers -- again in varied compositions , molecular weights , and branching -- have come into use at first for the flexible foams , just lately for the rigids . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector asked him to move it for the time being ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He could feel it on his face and in his hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I see it , there's no real difference between being Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drug is also incorporated in supplements . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are just another couple of characters to roll . (Filtered Words: 0)
taxing of boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications . (Filtered Words: 0)
Federal question jurisdiction (Filtered Words: 0)
The pattern of general business activity which probably lies ahead of us is a further moderate softening through the spring of 1961 before a new rise in economic activity gets under way . (Filtered Words: 0)
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , [FILTERED] does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and [FILTERED] families . (Filtered Words: 2)
Remove temptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
one of the best dancers , a Turkish girl named Semra , works at a roadhouse outside Bristol , Conn. . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the Han dynasty , another [FILTERED] conception was applied to [FILTERED] , considering the latter as a plan of Ancient China . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The redcoats ran like rabbits . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high . (Filtered Words: 0)
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remove jar from mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are they doing on Mars '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nothing in English has been ridiculed as much as the ambiguous use of words , unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Same thing '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You don't head back down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar fiasco . (Filtered Words: 0)
When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The conversation went on but [FILTERED] stopped listening . (Filtered Words: 1)
World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons . (Filtered Words: 0)
An' that could mean trouble with a fella that's workin' for crooks . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book Causes Of Catastrophe by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination , her search into herself and its conclusions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spoke soothingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The revised procedure was acclaimed as a long-overdue reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's there '' , he got out tersely , curbing his rising excitement . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would have preferred , however , to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording , since it mars an otherwise sober , if not lofty , performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
we had drifted closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minister was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
in 1950 it had become 47.1% urban . (Filtered Words: 0)
Teen Hunter Clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the Allied Merchandising Corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
This conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both premarital chastity as the `` ideal '' , and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their tenancy ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub , you stick by the stage door . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adjustment of tax collection year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Didn't you read it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec promptly removed the gun . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep Americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's our only chance now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Do this exercise six times each class period . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finish your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with CuK**ya radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of Douglass . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to intimidate a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against Negroes who register to vote in Fayette County , Tennessee , at the present moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was followed in rapid succession by Ramillies And The Union With Scotland and by The Peace And The Protestant Succession , the three forming together a detailed picture of England under Queen [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Hell , they were fightin' each other so hard they had no time for anyone else . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't like you . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers , most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi , and let him go . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , salt water fish is on the table once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tony Calenda '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anything , the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans . (Filtered Words: 0)
It snowed continuously , but quietly , evenly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifth , we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll drop you off '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Thrift Shop , with Mrs. [FILTERED] as president , is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The word is really `` stronghold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnificent Mosque (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd like to see you dance nude '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s findings , though far from complete , are likely to smash many an eating cliche . (Filtered Words: 1)
True , she was my Aunt , married to an [FILTERED] related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care . (Filtered Words: 1)
The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unfortunately , Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein . (Filtered Words: 0)
When this second dilemma first became obvious -- during the mid to late '50's -- the United States appeared to have three choices . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , the six figures of the [FILTERED] you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying [FILTERED] on a teakwood base . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate [FILTERED]'s bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and Calhoun came running from the post . (Filtered Words: 1)
The last exercise of [FILTERED] prescribed program for [FILTERED] is a single exercise , done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets . (Filtered Words: 2)
On the other hand , Christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where are you , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The figure in the corner belched loudly , a deep , liquid eruption . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing remarkable about this at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets . (Filtered Words: 0)
We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Flip '' Phillips for a return engagement at Fireside Steak Ranch Wednesday ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Waddell asked , frowning . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as they are large enough to move , I put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the wrong thing to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said hesitantly , `` Hettie , I don't figure your things got wet too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw that letter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House . (Filtered Words: 0)
though contemptuous , they were still polite . (Filtered Words: 0)
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
From the earliest days of the motor car industry , before the A.L.A.M. was established , patent infringement loomed as a serious and vexing problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The body was heavier than he had anticipated . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our Trustee Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Afghans invaded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Figger we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brandon dreamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There was to be no gunplay . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went down to [FILTERED] and Bradley's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. [FILTERED] said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections , they watched [FILTERED] trial with extreme interest . (Filtered Words: 1)
In other words , the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a cordon sanitaire against the Soviets or posing as an independent , balancing power in between Russia and Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and [FILTERED] opened his . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
( [FILTERED] ) where he had been driven by a companion . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was fun for me , all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there were only four fluids tested , it was apparent that there were two distinct types . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like hell ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How old is your working force ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
inorganic chemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
Tanner wisecracked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one thing , there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stranger ignored him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of [FILTERED] , Providence's contribution to Hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We can boil it '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in Vowel-Length And Syllabicity In Kikuyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail . (Filtered Words: 1)
The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery , though it offers easy going to the foot traveler . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beef and dairy (Filtered Words: 0)
Screwed , stewed , and tattooed , as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to tell himself that maybe [FILTERED] had sobered up enough to get some sense . (Filtered Words: 1)
Summary (Filtered Words: 0)
But Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer , and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills . (Filtered Words: 4)
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Say that again '' , she pleaded . (Filtered Words: 0)
40 & 8 Voiture , No. 25 , Musician's Union , Local 99 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , stealthily they advanced upstream ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Help me up , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
County officials have cooperated consistently . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ninety per cent of the 153 recorded impacts occurred between midnight and noon , and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude . (Filtered Words: 0)
I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten decks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Me , I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the gas phase , with Af of Af and Af of Af , quantum yields of the order of Af have been observed at 85-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fran flaunted her independence by rebelling against the Catatonia uniform of [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks by wearing [FILTERED] shorts and knee-length socks in colors ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Premier [FILTERED] has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s been on everybody's neck , an order he expected didn't come through and he's '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
The girl nodded understandingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her also , and with deep tenderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from [FILTERED]'s air conditioner coming through the grille '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Six cities and towns are now on a July 1 to June 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply postponing a meal , but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's bedded down for the night , hunger can be a gnawing torture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the Southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit . (Filtered Words: 0)
By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now , I believe Poor John'll work just a little harder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another , but these are mostly typewritten . (Filtered Words: 0)
Survivors include two brothers , [FILTERED] , Atlanta , and [FILTERED] , Warren , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. [FILTERED] a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to [FILTERED] , who had asked for it . (Filtered Words: 2)
What's happened ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. Peter 23 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested . (Filtered Words: 0)
16 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Score plain side of C and leave in mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
The decking is quarter-inch mahogany marine plywood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , yeah '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do , [FILTERED] dear , is to phone on your arrival . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suggested evaluation and classification (Filtered Words: 0)
This was the bitter end , and [FILTERED] seemed to know he was destined to failure . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation , to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the 885 specimens newly mounted or refurbished , 254 were prepared for other agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
I fixed him with a steely eye and said , `` What's this for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drug went after the pain and swallowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , [FILTERED] of Berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works . (Filtered Words: 1)
A constant problem confronting [FILTERED] on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to economize . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was the oldest and most influential paper in Cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . (Filtered Words: 1)
Barton nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived by the rules , never compromising , never blinded or diverted by circumstance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's how it can be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looks a little bit frayed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulsing glow of a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in the theory of perception , established in psycho-physiology , the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain . (Filtered Words: 0)
to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was silent for a while , then said , `` Why are you so unhappy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a choice item and Grappely deserves mention too , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Victory at last ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was meant to be my present '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relation between osmotic pressure and the [FILTERED] function may also be developed in an analogous way . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Heretic '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Information for classifying respondents ( Part A of the questionnaire ) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there is one in particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
As she drove , she thought about her plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] speeds are important if you want a good job . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boy scowled at him , and the girl looked shocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience . (Filtered Words: 0)
A half hour later the Vice President arrived . (Filtered Words: 0)
A sample of Fraction Af from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer , dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in [FILTERED]. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Our new large-package ring twister for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our customers' mills . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rose and went to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
They destroyed a trading house and pillaged the goods , and harassed French shipping on the Mississippi . (Filtered Words: 0)
The establishment , by the Holy Father , of a permanent Secretariat for Christian Unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern . (Filtered Words: 0)
and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining . (Filtered Words: 0)
If one finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish . (Filtered Words: 0)
As much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in God , they instrumentally require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ideally , he knew , it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Incapable of self-delusion , the Founding Fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that America would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sure he would approve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes sir ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
He just didn't know what he was talking about , saying a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet it wasn't so . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beverages are made from seeds the world over . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the liveliness of baseballs currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . (Filtered Words: 0)
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Done in the modern style of a `` confession '' , Fink tells in exquisite detail how he came to know , and , more important , love his mother's pet salamander , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] felt suddenly small and cheap , heroine of a trivial episode in the voluminous history of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1945 , probably almost every American not only knew who [FILTERED] was , but had some kind of emotional feeling about him . (Filtered Words: 1)
and whether to attend this or that college and to follow this or that course of study . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside , the walls are covered with blue and white tile , the floor with red and cream carpets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systemic linkage (Filtered Words: 0)
For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall , but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to `` stand behind '' her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them . (Filtered Words: 0)
From March 3 to May 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the course of this , they had fired on us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Turn over (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Damn his luck . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation . (Filtered Words: 0)
it can be made in two words , Utopian communism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , [FILTERED] won't budge from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Thus , the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medical device pirate of today , of course , is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of yesteryear -- the gallus-snapping hawker of snake oil and other patent medicines . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought of [FILTERED] , the nigger who had gone after his sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Virginia ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in interplanetary space near the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vince shouted finally , `` Get her over to Rose's and I'll come by and see that she stays put '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 Corinthians 17 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poet a murderer ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We're going after ice '' , Howard said , `` and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost surely he did ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Triandos hasn't proved it yet , but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
The medieval was the most important to Chambers because he sought to place [FILTERED] More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. [FILTERED] More , the martyr . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the significant developments in American-Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even there he did not last for long . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score . (Filtered Words: 0)
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex's . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Palmer knew , as did everybody else at Augusta , that his streak was about to be broken . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was , of course , more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the sine qua non of her virtue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Few passed '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
High-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
The short answer to those questions is `` yes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students , found that many were hardly interviewed at all -- and few had academic records as good as [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But [FILTERED] was boiling mad now . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In point of fact , the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent , healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has shown considerable ingenuity in adapting his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In many corners of the globe '' , he said , `` the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll , and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gradually others will move up to the same level (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , [FILTERED] explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suddenly , one day , up it pops ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] makes this quite clear by the extent to which choral scenes propel the action . (Filtered Words: 1)
The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` Well , it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends -- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings . (Filtered Words: 0)
What about Royal Robards ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a token start was made in attacking the tax reappraisal question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
5.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
clinging to the enemy-Jew idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are millions who accept this doctrine , but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not an overnight guest in the White House , but Mr. [FILTERED] , the chief usher , had Mama check her fur coat when she came in , and take care of her needs . (Filtered Words: 1)
This may be due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a profound statement . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything , he assured her . (Filtered Words: 0)
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mate , [FILTERED] , who had kept the journal on the Half Moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . (Filtered Words: 1)
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's honest as the day '' , Mr. [FILTERED] said , and added , `` Mr. [FILTERED] , I can say this to you : Beebe is a little too honest . (Filtered Words: 2)
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
As of Sunday night , there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's a right smart younger than the rest '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts . (Filtered Words: 0)
But almost all the schools were primary . (Filtered Words: 0)
He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider this table : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fingers fumbled across the bandages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd show them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A double by Green , [FILTERED]'s run-scoring 2-baser , an infield single by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bed slats were washed in alum water , legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene , and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive sublimate , applied with a feather . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trying to smile at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mother of five (Filtered Words: 0)
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff . (Filtered Words: 0)
Choice was expected (Filtered Words: 0)
Georgia has made some reforms , true . (Filtered Words: 0)
His counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD data are given in Table 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've given willful hurt to no man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , for any value of T the number of values of f{t} is equal to the ( finite ) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument T plus an odd number . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eyes always held Hague , eyes of a dead man , lidless as a lizard's , with the fixed intensity of a cobra . (Filtered Words: 0)
The four functional problems of a social system are , to some extent , solved by the subsystems within this population . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The nature of the opposition between liberals and [FILTERED] is too little understood in the North . (Filtered Words: 1)
the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment . (Filtered Words: 0)
I think we have the hardest working , best representative in Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns . (Filtered Words: 0)
His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He says the neighbors complain , but I don't believe it . (Filtered Words: 0)
An idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , because he had received less than [FILTERED] , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . (Filtered Words: 1)
Strong men with strong opinions , frank to the point of being refreshingly indiscreet , the Founding Seven were essentially congenial minds , and their agreements with each other were more consequential than their differences . (Filtered Words: 0)
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
Narrative time and film time (Filtered Words: 0)
The language is the conventional language of the form ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Signal '' is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in poisoning the courtiers , `` toadies '' and sycophants of the `` bench '' against me , but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Penny's always glad to see me over there '' , he mused bleakly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` Leiden '' jar by Kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by [FILTERED] , 1782 produced the condenser of Volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
First the Larkins are ahead , then the Jerebohms . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That does it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This arrangement was for Copernicus literally monstrous : `` With ( the Ptolemaists ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from divers models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
the outer life of congregations -- the suitability of the environment to their survival -- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dispute involving fieldwork . (Filtered Words: 0)
With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Common complaints included `` Mrs. [FILTERED] '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` Aunt Minnie '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil . (Filtered Words: 1)
We seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own backyards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commotion had brought her into the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not opposed to either justice or morality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was not easy for him and he often slipped . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lives in Wellsville , Mo. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I ought to be asleep , too , but I felt like a snack . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] admired [FILTERED]'s spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team . (Filtered Words: 2)
What shall these effects be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the mixer at a predetermined rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a ragged volley . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's just barely possible with this crowd that the kidnapper wasn't able to get a table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio-transmitter pills (Filtered Words: 0)
Not a bad girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
We were in business ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
These examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The other fellow had a '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relation to new industry (Filtered Words: 0)
Following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We can't take a chance on that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all fairness , there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear , flashes even of the old consummate vocalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then he heard a car coming from the east , and he felt as if he would break down and weep . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll bust your ass in this canyon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like most major works of synthesis , The History Of England is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind , and this is surely a major work . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't only different -- he was it . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval , $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s taken to her bed , with the door locked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , not many years later , the Un-American Activities Committee , under the leadership of [FILTERED] , pilloried hundreds of decent , patriotic citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' For the last half hour [FILTERED] had criss-crossed half the length of the Gardens and , at last , come upon her knight . (Filtered Words: 1)
Too many have bogged down in bickering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , I'm not sure of the color . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others look to more objective devices of order . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stevie , wake up now ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only his parishioners , but the whole town and , ultimately , the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said it was just like the early mining camp days , and it was the way people ought to live , only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to . (Filtered Words: 1)
By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got this cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police . (Filtered Words: 0)
She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be financed by boosting the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would tilt his hat over one ear as he lounged with his feet on the dashboard , indulging in a huge cigar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly Newburyport men , petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Did his mother make him this way ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic chemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , UN will march blindly on to certain defeat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pictures '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's when he went to Professor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Not in [FILTERED]'s anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
walks laid ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The heavens refused to give up their weeping . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology , therefore , it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the `` shore settled by '' theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ah , that is simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they are written ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality . (Filtered Words: 0)
A year ago today , when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and [FILTERED] was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , [FILTERED] had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 . (Filtered Words: 2)
more chapters of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What on earth was in [FILTERED]'s mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1951 , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the metal-working equipment business . (Filtered Words: 2)
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become authentically themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Exploratory mood (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true . (Filtered Words: 0)
On net balance , in spite of [FILTERED] Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office , the [FILTERED] will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't hurry too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holidays , time off , overtime (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and [FILTERED] and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our [FILTERED] is still in high school . (Filtered Words: 4)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too much dampness in the cellar rots the corks , again with ill effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by [FILTERED] , sports editor of the Post-Dispatch . (Filtered Words: 1)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Diversification plans (Filtered Words: 0)
The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When he remembered that he might have not signed the check , [FILTERED] made out another for the same amount , instructing the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It was 1105 '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A friend of mine in New Mexico said the Court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old masters '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shrugs met that . (Filtered Words: 0)
That settled it , and we broke into parties of two and three . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was interested in Italo Svevo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army , Air Force , and Federal Aviation Agency . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Part of this characterization was , of course , accomplished with the vocal chords . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressway answer : East River Drive (Filtered Words: 0)
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were three years of this strange warfare ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox , Ky. , Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows , giving light enough to examine [FILTERED]'s wound . (Filtered Words: 1)
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before , until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble , chilled by each new sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thinking had stopped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll see '' , Morgan said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figure five is important in insurance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if [FILTERED] wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so [FILTERED] had to give in . (Filtered Words: 2)
The pagodas we have passed are much larger than the houses '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Captain Clemens' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Duties of Church Membership ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Queen of the seas (Filtered Words: 0)
In exchange for higher price supports , growers pledged reduction in planted acreage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end . (Filtered Words: 0)
I drank furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in slumber for centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fierce anger surged through [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] began shouting , `` Wait , wait -- the camera's jammed '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Byron laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households , infant mortality , and migration . (Filtered Words: 0)
About halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped , pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end , and went through . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you see the car parked across the street '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return , he could have arrived at the [FILTERED] house shortly after Mr. [FILTERED] came home . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the last time in history anybody could do something gloriously like that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , your criticism of Attorney General [FILTERED] and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dinner and the movies had been fine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to talk to [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection . (Filtered Words: 0)
roads and river barges to be built . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed me one of his fingers which had been practically amputated and which his mother had treated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What is he doing here at this hour ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did not answer . (Filtered Words: 1)
This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. [FILTERED] said that a special election might be called instead . (Filtered Words: 2)
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West Berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the United States to justify its arms drive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mimetic imagination in the arts (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , aids in the control of horn flies by preventing them from hatching in the droppings . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the site is on a reservoir , the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied . (Filtered Words: 0)
All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor [FILTERED] , all of it , because naturally -- brothers , living together -- and [FILTERED] -- (Filtered Words: 2)
Among the locales to visit are Shiloh , Tennessee ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation of frozen sections (Filtered Words: 0)
While it had long been known in general , that `` the public is always wrong '' , the use of odd-lot indices now puts the adage on a statistical basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ran the change rooms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Light reading : (Filtered Words: 0)
If you don't own a planer and don't want to buy one , it's well worth renting . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean '' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , congratulations '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thankful I wasn't Nadine . (Filtered Words: 0)
We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once she has made up her mind , the queen starts out by constructing , in her chosen abode , a small `` floor '' of dried grass or some woolly material . (Filtered Words: 0)
It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that interval , the German bombers made a hell of [FILTERED] harbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord [FILTERED] is the most compassionate of the gods , much more so than [FILTERED] and Allah and the rest . (Filtered Words: 2)
Yet one has to go back only some sixty years . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for . (Filtered Words: 0)
She gave a little pout and said , `` I don't get off work until eleven o'clock . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This explanation is attractive , but is vitiated at least in part by the observation that [FILTERED] , though he used kennings in the traditional manner , was a literate man who four times inscribed his name by runes into his works . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to [FILTERED] : `` In America '' , I said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland . (Filtered Words: 1)
This life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple cycles and adaptations . (Filtered Words: 0)
The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La. (Filtered Words: 2)
What hurts most is the damage the automobile has done to central-city retailing , especially in those cities where public transit is feeble . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told him he couldn't do anything like that with his [FILTERED] dying , and he said well they had to eat , didn't they , they weren't all dying . (Filtered Words: 2)
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , considered within technical astronomy , a different pattern can be traced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is simply revealing the state to which metaphysical thinking has fallen during this century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego . (Filtered Words: 0)
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] suspected that [FILTERED] would never have come home if [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s husband , hadn't gone out to fetch her . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] Butterwyn ( Scotch Victor-Butler Wyn ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in 2:30-:36 . (Filtered Words: 1)
We planned ahead only one step , a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Increasing tempo of new product development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pathet Lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twelve projects proposed by private groups are at the contract-negotiation stage , [FILTERED] , director of relations with the voluntary agencies , said in a Washington interview . (Filtered Words: 1)
Them's brains '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He dropped his own beside it . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences (Filtered Words: 0)
The new birth is effected through the word of God (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , if anywhere , it is not wholly incontrovertible . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but flailing arms and legs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently added is the Brown & Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cautious [FILTERED] re-examined the note and then , making up his mind that it was genuine , snapped his fingers , whistled and almost danced in his exuberance . (Filtered Words: 1)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired . (Filtered Words: 0)
These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good old iron compass '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she , [FILTERED] , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting `` a science of man and his motives '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] looked at him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , He came into this world Himself , in the person of His Son , Jesus Christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've never owned any painting overalls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery . (Filtered Words: 0)
But for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a retarding effect on the metropolitan core . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour . (Filtered Words: 1)
Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you want '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At noontime , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , [FILTERED] stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except [FILTERED] , went off out the road to play ball . (Filtered Words: 2)
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not so . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` OK , [FILTERED] , I'm quitting '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . (Filtered Words: 0)
When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , [FILTERED] had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars '' , he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no mistaking that scream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers . (Filtered Words: 0)
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Southerners see them all the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . (Filtered Words: 0)
Economy in the use of power means more than inflicting a barely intolerable pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms of friendship , understanding , cooperation , etc. , tend to become somewhat shopworn because of constant and indiscriminate use . (Filtered Words: 0)
We said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the Department's ) recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , [FILTERED] , and Foot . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahzeer's the ambassador '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He proudly wore the blue livery of her house , for the girl was Madame [FILTERED] , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. [FILTERED] , who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names . (Filtered Words: 2)
Let her out , let her out -- that would be the solution , wouldn't it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Workmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , no unit likes to have a new CO brought in from the outside , especially when he's an armchair trooper . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'll move to [FILTERED] after years in Paris . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had dug a hole for each bulb , each tree wore a tag with her writing on it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean this punk can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Concepts such as grace , damnation , purgation , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and [FILTERED] tragedy , lose their vitality . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. [FILTERED] said that a special election might be called instead . (Filtered Words: 2)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
None should ask less . (Filtered Words: 0)
It cannot be smoothed over by now cherishing his sarcasms as delightful bits of self-deprecation or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You'll stay right here '' , commanded [FILTERED] , covering Red with his rifle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fairmount Park Commission (Filtered Words: 0)
The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
and she walked easily now , and more slowly , until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most American Catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general Catholic support but rather to the initiative , resourcefulness and sacrifices of individual religious communities . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse plodded on , and he repeated his call . (Filtered Words: 0)
You definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could get along without that three dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust , but Faust assumes his role voluntarily . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under any name -- Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] -- he was a good man . (Filtered Words: 3)
Till seven times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many buildings (Filtered Words: 0)
We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Resuming atmospheric tests (Filtered Words: 0)
Marvin Goulding saw what was happening . (Filtered Words: 0)
A bunch of amateur dervishes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Outline plans for the entire service . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was 258 . (Filtered Words: 0)
So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
size and shape (Filtered Words: 0)
and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meltzer knew why I had come for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
A `` book count '' was the sellin' of cattle by the books , commonly resorted to in the early days , sometimes much to the profit of the seller . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Examples from this population indicate that deviance seems to be sanctioned by ostracism from the group . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changeable letters fill many needs (Filtered Words: 0)
Living in a shelter (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 24 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colonel [FILTERED] , impersonated , will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of [FILTERED]'s ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel [FILTERED] ( West ) Virginia Infantry , then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates . (Filtered Words: 3)
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude [FILTERED] had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was big . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , Grant ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Got it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual , as he had read -- walking barefoot , rolling in it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nineteenth-century virtues , however , seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the [FILTERED] book has never been particularly popular . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb swerved sharply aside into a depression . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practices in Rhode Island . (Filtered Words: 0)
carcinoma of prostate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world . (Filtered Words: 0)
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Astronomy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In contrast to cocktail parties , military organizations , even in the field , are more formal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden . (Filtered Words: 0)
And extra weight increases the risk of cancer , diabetes , artery disease and heart attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sweeney Blue , hit the deck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Introduction (Filtered Words: 0)
) Roll white clay to 3/16'' '' thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
One is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book -- Mijbil , with his rollicking ways , or Maxwell himself , poet , portrait painter , writer , journalist , traveller and zoologist , sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life , in a language at once lyrical and forceful , vivid and unabashed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The music of [FILTERED] , capital LP Ab63711-r , one of the rare recordings of this titanic , yet unsung , composer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Necessity for an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nope , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall , but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to `` stand behind '' her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them . (Filtered Words: 0)
A battery-powered radio is essential . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The consequences , of course , have been dreadful : reckless expansion has led to overpopulation , pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost entirely original articles in journals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy scowled at him , and the girl looked shocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her . (Filtered Words: 0)
As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's like a flame , I guess '' , she said in a dreamy tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tests with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of off-flavors . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are , of course , the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had all turned down his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the three volumes , [FILTERED] is easily the best . (Filtered Words: 1)
The range of self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately Af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suddenly , one day , up it pops ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do . (Filtered Words: 0)
His lips felt glued together . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was surprised to see Mrs. [FILTERED] playing the one-arm bandits that were cunningly arranged by the entrance . (Filtered Words: 2)
The night we first met , at one of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s giant parties , he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
People talk about `` the law of the land '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She's got a nerve '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We first see him shaking Mrs. [FILTERED]'s hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for [FILTERED]'s indenture as an apprentice and later pumping [FILTERED]'s hands `` for the hundredth time at least '' ( `` May I -- may I -- '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rate of projection ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball floated downstream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century . (Filtered Words: 0)
And not one single dwelling left there , though once , in the early eighteenth century , there were close to a hundred houses . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause . (Filtered Words: 0)
In October 1944 , he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I drove a car with tail fins , I had plenty status at the wind-and-water oases . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop worrying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Additional note on allotments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : [FILTERED] who so ably organizes business operations ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of cosec Af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the County Commissioners laid out all the [FILTERED] bridges as highways . (Filtered Words: 1)
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistical average and all . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The newer party campaigned heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable byproducts resulting from the conversion of saline water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The Parks Department has done an admirable job of preparing the Wollman Rink for Shakespeare . (Filtered Words: 0)
In an ideological argument , the participants tend to thump the table . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put your gun on the desk , Marshal '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both stages are assumed to have unity magnification . (Filtered Words: 0)
A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . (Filtered Words: 0)
The children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too unprecedented . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he never expected to do that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the `` typical tone language '' , tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with NS or Af did not show such green fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Joviality suffused Feathertop [FILTERED] voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a battered carpet bag , with leather handles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2 (Filtered Words: 0)
The apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in American gyms , but about 1930 it was dropped in favor of games . (Filtered Words: 0)
Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak , especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I didn't really use yours '' , she went on . (Filtered Words: 0)
To deal with principles (Filtered Words: 0)
The class of the congruence is Af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in [FILTERED] points . (Filtered Words: 1)
As he had done on his first Imperial sortie a year and a half before , [FILTERED] trekked southeast through Red Russia to Kamieniec . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't think I can . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as [FILTERED] says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to [FILTERED] and making plans for another book of verse . (Filtered Words: 2)
Summary (Filtered Words: 0)
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their sentry followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide . (Filtered Words: 0)
The constancy of P and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] donates its recreation center , five days a week , to the school . (Filtered Words: 1)
Channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is simply a confession of intellectual sterility spruced up to look virtuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red McIver and [FILTERED] , to murder and sudden death . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the other we have the flag-wavers and the national sentimentalists who have been willing to use any patriotic , `` frontier western '' or colonial material willy-nilly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leninism-Marxism , as understood by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In every aspect of service -- to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services . (Filtered Words: 0)
His best mile to date is 2:32.2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs , a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway commissioners . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The instinct of discipline has been lost . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street , talking to the kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , [FILTERED] must learn from [FILTERED] that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The method would become self-defeating '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the roughest was the TV quiz shows , which gave him inferiority complexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and attended the United States Naval Academy Post-Graduate School specializing in electronic engineering . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s successor as publisher is Mr. [FILTERED] , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 . (Filtered Words: 2)
I turned on the device again , half fearful that I might find silence , but the buzzes came in loud and clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stranger , [FILTERED] began riding home nights with a jug strapped to his saddle , drunkenly singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1 , -- A or Class 1 , -- B clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective . (Filtered Words: 0)
She found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of English people are churchgoers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` For a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces , but one thing led to another . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had the unspoken support of President-elect [FILTERED] , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
She said , her voice rising . (Filtered Words: 0)
D'Artaguette went vigorously to work , and gave credit to many hunters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pattern for circular base piece B is diameter of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the hopelessness of the response , it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not much ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the avant-garde choreographers have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father tried to make the food a topic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do it this way for the summer gargle : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , that is demonstrable '' , I told him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the reticulate python . (Filtered Words: 0)
So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle -- the self-unloading carrier . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gyro angular momentum is defined by H . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , news and special presentations inform the listener about groups , projects , and personalities rarely mentioned on a general-appeal station . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` positive state '' came into existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anatomically , the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man , insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( Birnbaum , '54 ) in the human being . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the `` smaller , less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smith flatly rejected the offer , and Mister [FILTERED] thereupon decided to join the rebels . (Filtered Words: 1)
People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those sweet girls ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Volume 1 ( ( Af ) of the seventh edition of Dana's System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ( ( Af ) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , New York , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable . (Filtered Words: 0)
the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The [FILTERED] was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood . (Filtered Words: 1)
This guy was strictly from Outsville . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would be black or white or horse-blanket plaid , chic and splashy , like [FILTERED] herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won't slip when pulled by hand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over the entire globe , or about Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] raucous listing of the attractions `` At The Roxy Music Hall '' from `` I Married An Angel '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness , except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyhow , I wasn't surprised , early that morning , to see [FILTERED] himself crossing from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Certain people must have known about it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now I see . (Filtered Words: 0)
Privately , he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history . (Filtered Words: 0)
A non-contributory plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he retires . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by blaming American statesmen for wars , Communism , depression , and other troubles of the world ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Who are you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he threw things . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another neighbor , Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised [FILTERED] by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs . (Filtered Words: 2)
Three men were around him . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . (Filtered Words: 1)
You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Travel , if you can . (Filtered Words: 0)
One hebephrenic women confided to me , `` I live in a world of words '' , as if , to her , words were fully concrete objects ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So there we were talking around and about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees Centigrade and to a concentration range of only several per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other FBI men , talking with the pilot from the tower , conspired with him to delay the proposed flight to Havana . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By telling him you are making passes at me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You wouldn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Footnotes : (Filtered Words: 0)
In some low-speed situations , the distant signal is fixed at caution . (Filtered Words: 0)
The malignancy of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the Australian [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Arlen , too , worked on other projects at the same time with old friend [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
All have gone astray together ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
i.e. , it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are creative , it seems , when we produce something which has not previously existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attributes similar to a loss carryover . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , my ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by [FILTERED] , rests on the following thesis : The only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive . (Filtered Words: 0)
The amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by subtracting the quantity still in the beaker when the chamber is full from the original quantity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , Vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , [FILTERED] , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties . (Filtered Words: 1)
The horse continued to snort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
This unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled . (Filtered Words: 1)
The research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elaine recovered first , so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He took it without flinching . (Filtered Words: 0)
also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man , the depravity of man , and the dignity of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man woke , recognized [FILTERED] and gave him a healthily sleepy grin . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Her heart , her maternal feeling , in fact her being was too busy expressing itself , as quietly thrilled by this sight of her [FILTERED] curled asleep under a blanket , in a park like a scene from Poussin . (Filtered Words: 1)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a succession of scenes they appear in different guises -- patrons of a cafe , performers in a circus and participants in a family picnic -- but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though I doubted that he would understand me , I told the director my motives for applying . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for [FILTERED] was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north . (Filtered Words: 1)
College publications (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured water over their catcher's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` pull '' exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They wanted to touch the mystery . (Filtered Words: 0)
As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got back into the batter's box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you . (Filtered Words: 0)
On other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
there is no mechanism for keeping the volumes up to date . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scores of [FILTERED] children will be remembered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is this something ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Board meeting tonight , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
He considered some interesting excursion but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , still holding the family letters in one hand , realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between [FILTERED] death and `` doing something '' about Cousin Emma . (Filtered Words: 2)
Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated for a moment when [FILTERED] asked him to disrobe , so [FILTERED] gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I haven't seen her yet , but I hear she's a lulu '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
If design head has a deep cavity , clay lid will be quite thick at this point ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But we abide by their insight . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery . (Filtered Words: 0)
What are your weaknesses ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory . (Filtered Words: 0)
The liberal-conservative division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
The roof was about ready to fall in on [FILTERED]'s little world , but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down . (Filtered Words: 1)
Carbondale is in the Herrin-Murphysboro-West Frankfort labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions warred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job . (Filtered Words: 1)
type 3 , , by the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It all did look very efficient and shipshape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F . (Filtered Words: 0)
But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
What we did get , however , was impressive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above , no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility , either internally or externally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , she'll be all right '' , [FILTERED] said quickly . (Filtered Words: 1)
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cyclist , by contrast , blond and blue-eyed , is simply unreflective , unproblematic Life , `` blithe and carefree '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge [FILTERED] to grant his client , [FILTERED] , 30 , a separate trial . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] had certain psychic intuitions that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1879 the same [FILTERED] , with [FILTERED] , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . (Filtered Words: 2)
This idea , which occurs in both [FILTERED] and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus' theology ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
It is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy , particularly in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
A line through two of these points , Af and Af , will be transformed into the entire bilinear congruence having the tangents to **zg at Af and Af as directrices . (Filtered Words: 0)
The multiple secants , of course , are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] continues : `` (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later this play would be called Welcome To Our City . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt my frozen sad face crumble , and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hasn't played too much , because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They'll trample it down . (Filtered Words: 0)
What right had John to any special consideration ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He wants [FILTERED] to think him a good boy . (Filtered Words: 1)
The rf power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape distortions by saturation effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
So choosing a good tree , he clambered up into it , found a comfortable notch , and curled up in it to sleep , like the tousled bear he was , with his hands across his chest , as though surfeited with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
His fellow-countryman , [FILTERED] , certainly did not . (Filtered Words: 1)
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers would do well to visit such a campground often , look at the equipment and talk with the campers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ago , but neither of us said anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
A steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and pace the class was taking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the New York Central Railroad , one of the Nation's most important carriers , has alone lost 47.6 percent of its passengers since 1949 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The content is not the same , however : rather than individual security , it is the security and continuing existence of an `` ideological group '' -- those in the `` free world '' -- that is basic . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name is [FILTERED] , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in `` Death In Venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of cadaver , exotic , and psychopomp . (Filtered Words: 1)
This tax was discontinued in 1936 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a recent meeting of the Women's Association of the Trumbull Ave. United Presbyterian Church , considerable use was made of material from The Detroit News on the King James version of the New Testament versus the New English Bible . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked her severely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
it cannot bring them into actual play . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Due in 1986 (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney managed a weak laugh . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stumbled down the bank . (Filtered Words: 1)
Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He always did when people asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw them , specks against the gray , but closing fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dice , for example , he inferred from black dots on a white surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
The way [FILTERED] and I were hitting it up , we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening . (Filtered Words: 1)
) other deductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
These names were secured from member companies by the Association from the forty-four sources listed in [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dr. [FILTERED] , reader in mathematics at Queen [FILTERED] , London ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch , so that you will reach the Pincian Hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
With our current $3 per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rachel talked to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
on prospects for continued increases in defense spending ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
two American Watercolor Society prizes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in Kikuyu circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. [FILTERED] , little [FILTERED] , and Raoul , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' . (Filtered Words: 3)
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of cams called `` dogs '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct. 5 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The streets in the colored section were dirty . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aaa-ee ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's your feed additive guide for ruminants : (Filtered Words: 0)
After a tortuous drive in an open truck and a World War 2 , army jeep down soggy trails , the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long , low ridge and a creek-filled gully . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in [FILTERED]'s Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both are good bunters : [FILTERED] once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He would rise in the well of the House , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would subside into silence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The three had little to say to each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course , dear '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in A-1 condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] passed by him without seeing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now regard D as a linear operator on the subspace V . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mom '' Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the epicure explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a blur just under my focus of vision , a crash ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure . (Filtered Words: 1)
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation . (Filtered Words: 0)
this urgent visage beckons us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips . (Filtered Words: 1)
The women by remaining behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to bondage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Tomorrow . (Filtered Words: 0)
All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the mainstream of his work , while being suited to a new form . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sank back , sighing , and was soon asleep again . (Filtered Words: 0)
The record is clear that increase in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Assassination , even of a tyrant , is repulsive to men of good conscience . (Filtered Words: 0)
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more . (Filtered Words: 0)
( cf. McGlynn : 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he never gets to play while the clock is running , he gets a big kick -- several every Saturday , in fact -- out of football . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined macroscopically for agglutination . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aborigine is not deceived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The exchange was almost invariable , and [FILTERED] , in his bed , could hear every word of it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again , as faith reveals God my Father and Christ my Saviour , I follow without question where He leads me daily by His Spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check the overnighters out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to see the briefly-illumed faces of two men in the parked car just as Rourke said , `` It's the next house , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many with pools (Filtered Words: 0)
If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . (Filtered Words: 0)
( These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergillus orzae , Niger , and Flavus . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm dressed as I always am '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still she was not sorry he sat by her , but in fact was flattered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It was a nice round figure , that 12 '' , he said as he headed for the clubhouse , not too much perturbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The larvae , kept warm by the queen , are full grown in about ten days . (Filtered Words: 0)
No question ruffles him or causes him to hesitate . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary . (Filtered Words: 0)
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stevie flared . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last week most of the other prizes , once offered to Pittsburgh , went on the block . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , Mr. [FILTERED] found nothing but confusion in Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from [FILTERED] , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] deposed Juet and cut his pay . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's only that I like to know where you go '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
in half an hour the reception would be over . (Filtered Words: 0)
new product potential ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was puffing on a cigar , and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By yourself '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] then allowed him to come . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looked at everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unhappily , `` Heaven Has No Favorites '' does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons , dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate . (Filtered Words: 0)
While it is easy enough to ridicule [FILTERED]' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months , the Government reported . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 (Filtered Words: 0)
In their place came local variations within the common style -- tentative , as it were , in Protogeometric products but truly distinct and sharply defined as the Geometric spirit developed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , [FILTERED] was attending the opening of a musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` God help us if we're near the island of Eromonga . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] used the planetary transmission in his Model T and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a precautionary measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does he care about things that matter to you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
When he rolled on the left side , propping on his left elbow , Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's still such a thing as mental illness . (Filtered Words: 0)
( E ) (Filtered Words: 0)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wiped the blood from his cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was like that . (Filtered Words: 1)
As for coming back here -- well , I'll tell you the truth , I didn't even know where I was when I came to . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instant rivalry (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's no war on now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shrill yelp , kicked legs , and groping hands that circled Matsuo's wrist . (Filtered Words: 0)
To many experts , this trend was inevitable . (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
What concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's No. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 Americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's the One-Leg Lunge in a nutshell . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big . (Filtered Words: 0)
This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville . (Filtered Words: 0)
The eye is all , inward or outward . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
To sew in sleeves : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow the river for five miles '' , he said hoarsely . (Filtered Words: 0)
The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chinese influence (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of us would say that in this delight at the killing of others or the causing of suffering there is something very unfitting . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 4)
So , if the Orioles are to improve , Brandt , Triandos and Walker will have to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The measure , for federal income tax purposes , of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution . (Filtered Words: 0)
The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can I bear it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development . (Filtered Words: 0)
She looked back toward the schoolroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On the surface , this seems a sound approach to Christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You were in a hurry , weren't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No warden or guard to touch lock , key or doorknob except when accompanied by a prisoners' committee with powers of veto . (Filtered Words: 0)
Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old Mr. [FILTERED] is already down on Wally , and we simply can't afford to get [FILTERED] mad at us '' -- (Filtered Words: 2)
Do not draw yarn too tight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting along with foreigners (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to Fairview . (Filtered Words: 0)
Keerist . (Filtered Words: 0)
At Charlottesville , Va. , shoot [FILTERED] and the beautiful buildings of the University . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] had picked up a snorkle and was twirling it on his forefinger . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Virginia coal , delivered by ship in Wales , will be about $2.80 a ton cheaper than Welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before it was formally dissolved in 1912 , the A.L.A.M. was succeeded by the Automobile Board of Trade , the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day Automobile Manufacturers Association . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Plainview , former chairman of the Texas Highway Commission , suggested a plan to fill by appointment future vacancies in the Legislature and Congress , eliminating the need for costly special elections . (Filtered Words: 1)
Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings , plus shrines and monuments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someday , geologists had warned , the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] showed them how to begin . (Filtered Words: 1)
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Taurog , Potter , Tong , and Chaikoff , 1956 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Middle-aged spread (Filtered Words: 0)
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone called . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The boldness of champions (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grass and fields of rice are perfectly green , and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river , and the natives are scattered about differently employed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It rarely speaks as a unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have stayed here and watched [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then he began to have epileptic fits . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The [FILTERED] girl was killed by Mr. [FILTERED]'s son . (Filtered Words: 2)
Holidays , time off , overtime (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red [FILTERED] sanguineum of our Pacific Northwest , or otherwise a good sloe tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or staminate catkins . (Filtered Words: 1)
The worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
From March 3 to May 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Deep Peep Show '' (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected . (Filtered Words: 0)
But exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mister Big Britches , aren't you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They hurled a cement barge against a freighter in Honolulu Harbor , knocked down telephone lines , marooned automobiles , flooded lawns , killed six cows . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the stage , [FILTERED] began to weep . (Filtered Words: 1)
But these comments are hardly printable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Allow project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique , do not leave clay in too long as the dampness may cause mold to crack ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars '' , he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a buddy (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] picked up the telephone ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Off in the distance a searchlight flashed on , its beam slashing the sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
But every time I suggested this to her , Mrs. [FILTERED] turned it down and demanded that I go out and punish Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
The girl cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures . (Filtered Words: 0)
From here on in , the less [FILTERED] and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . (Filtered Words: 1)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He strained to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farming is confining . (Filtered Words: 0)
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I didn't have on a hat . (Filtered Words: 0)
How far I knew will shortly become apparent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're the man . (Filtered Words: 0)
here we find stored the wisdom of great minds . (Filtered Words: 0)
the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents . (Filtered Words: 0)
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
But how little love we give him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He braced himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the contrary , the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained proficiency in their technical work . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not yet '' , cautioned Ulyate . (Filtered Words: 0)
the twelfth [FILTERED] was intelligent , purposeful , and passionate . (Filtered Words: 1)
Volume 1 ( ( Af ) of the seventh edition of Dana's System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ( ( Af ) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , New York , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I thought I knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , however . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply call Mr. [FILTERED] , and Dr. [FILTERED] P.GA , and C'un Major [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Ever hear of squatter's rights '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sen. [FILTERED] , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the Air Force Academy in Colorado . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] yow bargen with Wm. Sha. ( so in the MS ) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom . (Filtered Words: 1)
Unlike most such sports rivalries , it appeared to have developed almost spontaneously , although this was not exactly the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the coil small copper pipes connect to a weatherproof refrigeration section set in the yard , garage , carport , or basement . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
And when the singing began , it was the Gouldings who sang the old Irish songs the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first place , the two groups of firms , when combined , had characteristics and practices that were more representative of companies that were the subject of this study than did the firms from the AIA list alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then in man's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself I cannot give full control or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Osric Pendleton '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or Du Pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
To begin with , the all-powerful Los Angeles Times does not publish a transcript of these press conferences . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul , has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication . (Filtered Words: 1)
The car spun around again , [FILTERED] said , before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , after a wartime stint with Time-Life , to become bureau chief for The New Republic . (Filtered Words: 1)
The American part of the evening consisted of [FILTERED] Dance Overture , [FILTERED] `` Chester '' From `` New England Triptych '' and two works of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. 58 , and a Romanza For Strings , [FILTERED]. 56A . (Filtered Words: 5)
I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind , felt older than my years , and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable , tantalizing excitement of Manhattan . (Filtered Words: 0)
The safe at Ingleside District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain [FILTERED]'s office ( to the left ) , the lieutenant's office ( farther along and to the left ) and the janitor's supply closet ( straight ahead ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The wound in his scalp was examined , pronounced healing , and well doctored with simples , before they dished up the victuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The outlook for the amateur , for instance , is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good negociant or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards , or the best parts of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Percussive Twenties ( SP-44006 ) stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day , and [FILTERED] Kombo gives forth with tingling jazz in Percussive Moods ( SP-44005 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Everyone . (Filtered Words: 0)
An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar puffy face , already marred by the tell-tale network of broken red veins that heavy drinkers carry . (Filtered Words: 0)
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , no '' , he said , and he was without humor now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musical activities (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt , rather than saw , the approach of the good-looking young man . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her . (Filtered Words: 0)
No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I was certain he would refuse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that there had not been attempts , mostly European , to do exactly that . (Filtered Words: 0)
not push-ups but stand-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , [FILTERED] , a dancer in the Gaieties . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , [FILTERED] was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe [FILTERED] pear , but oily . (Filtered Words: 1)
I knew she was lying . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not just yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was stability there , too -- a color which his life had had once . (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reaction as expected (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh God ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Anaconda : (Filtered Words: 0)
The phrasing is irregular , and the abrupt key changes have a primitive forcefulness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anything else '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
All these evaluations are then totted up and tabulated , by adding up the Hits and Significants , with the weight placed on those in the sitter's own reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt mindless , walking , and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery , and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a two-story house , one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor , another in the attic to cool the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately . (Filtered Words: 0)
He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood very still , his arms at his sides , staring up at the heavens , then down at the blinking lights below . (Filtered Words: 0)
Garrison , Massachusetts born of [FILTERED] parentage , was by temperament and conviction a reformer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hoag looked terrified . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only public demonstration in honor of [FILTERED] was held at Pratt's Hall in Providence , on the day of his execution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Miraculously , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still geysering over my ( luckily ) waterproof watch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] yow bargen with Wm. Sha. ( so in the MS ) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom . (Filtered Words: 1)
Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below , twenty vaults tunnel through the understructure of the bridge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the figure was 30-30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh he'd not care about the Pedersen kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into [FILTERED]'s possession and that '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . (Filtered Words: 0)
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
For nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was no man's land , disputed by the Haijac Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another hoodlum , [FILTERED] , drew $39,000 from [FILTERED]'s janitor firm , the National Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , [FILTERED] disclosed in an interview . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the Loop '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't a big man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as I know , the [FILTERED] has never put [FILTERED]'s people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters . (Filtered Words: 2)
After lunch , in the arcade on my left just before reaching the street I found a pastry shop that sells some of the best baklava -- a sweet , flaky cake -- in Istanbul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bisque fire to cone 08 with lid on jar . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the new advertising angle -- something about a Lloyd's of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages . (Filtered Words: 1)
CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was elaborated even further with an incredible semantic dexterity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's lowly today '' , his grand-daughter said wearily , and bent to pick it up . (Filtered Words: 0)
The laces were broken at the bottom of the eyelets but there was still a bow knot at the top . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The fact remains he was treasurer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were warts until they got promoted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Backs higher fees (Filtered Words: 0)
Kitti had come along to justify everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required . (Filtered Words: 0)
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 45 minutes , the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick rundown on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th Century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in `` The Story Of [FILTERED] '' we have [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] and sets that are meticulously authentic . (Filtered Words: 3)
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Binomial distributions were treated by [FILTERED] about 1700 , and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called [FILTERED] trials . (Filtered Words: 2)
Some Manhattan examples : (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 22-year-old southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did Hansen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although open to the general public it is not overcrowded ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The good ones are not motivated to seek vainly , nor are they disposed to covet comfort , or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microscopically , there was emphysema , fibrosis , and vascular congestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French , and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Bascom was mortally wounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The `` push '' exercise of this Push-Pull Super-Set is the Bench Press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the pectorals not possible with the barbell variation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew . (Filtered Words: 0)
That made a certain amount of logic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever yours sincerely , (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You shouldn't be riding up here after dark , [FILTERED] , he said quietly . (Filtered Words: 1)
They will live in Corpus Christi . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here was [FILTERED]'s chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme . (Filtered Words: 1)
I do not think that America is like Russia , not in the least ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The man made no reply . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Typically , in a lower-middle class Jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't you ask him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner , and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music . (Filtered Words: 0)
See you around , Mister [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts : in the Caucasus ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither of these poems is an aberration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper's mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our book of etiquette (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew the whyfores and the wherefores but he was weak , very weak , on the therefores . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] at the Escape . (Filtered Words: 6)
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Because I'm asking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In June , 1940 , Sergeant Helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the Loire River , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was still Good Friday , after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second twitched his shirtsleeve , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads . (Filtered Words: 0)
When you hold the spirit of a thing , then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who retired as vice president of the American Screw Co. in 1955 said , `` Both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product -- but neither told us how to achieve it '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
All through Albany and [FILTERED] counties , other men were doing the same . (Filtered Words: 1)
She'd driven around for a while , [FILTERED] said , then , thinking [FILTERED] would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on Bryn Mawr Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . (Filtered Words: 2)
This was the largest house he had ever been in , almost the largest building , except for a hotel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The return of the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 was looked upon with indignant disapprobation and , in fact , was charged with being a gesture of disloyalty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of Poland is a coffin . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mike darling '' -- They kissed , and went on kissing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine . (Filtered Words: 0)
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments . (Filtered Words: 0)
In he's hurting himself more than he's hurting you both himself and you have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , [FILTERED] ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . (Filtered Words: 1)
We would like to do that too '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a delayed moon , but now the sky had cleared of scudding black and the stars sugared the silver-gray sky . (Filtered Words: 0)
In actual practice , the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting force Af and the shear angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking a shower ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of their original objections about `` shells '' were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were mercifully concealed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , substituted for valid medical cures , have hastened the deaths of thousands . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait , to consider , to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was his experience that only one good salesman was found out of every seven hired -- and only one was hired out of every seven interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism , for in the modern Army , esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables . (Filtered Words: 0)
Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become . (Filtered Words: 0)
Promotion is too often based on longevity and time in salary grade instead of merit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many . (Filtered Words: 0)
No other visitor inquired for her that evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before making the news public [FILTERED] sent an officer with the note to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash . (Filtered Words: 0)
Needless to say , the organic load was very low on a volumetric basis , but was 270 lb BOD/day/acre on a surface loading basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
To set up a co-operative library system , the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus , and the system is organized around it . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 0)
With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somebody , got to be somebody If I don't put my two cents in soon , somebody else will I know they're waitin only for one thing : for the bastards what done it to be nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the homeowners nor to the town but rather to Tri-State . (Filtered Words: 0)
a wallet with $450 in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Now he's bought it '' , said my wife contentedly . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after [FILTERED] had moved to Cuba . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I will give Mr. [FILTERED] his due for this dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev. [FILTERED] , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He's ten years younger than Ernest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was , he has told us , congenial to his artistic sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why , that's his main reason for making the dive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will early know why the party won't win back city votes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pfc. Truman Cleveland of St. Augustine . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best known field of application for builders is in heavy-duty , spray-dried detergent formulations for household use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] home in [FILTERED] may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , [FILTERED] , and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college . (Filtered Words: 3)
With the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful beveling . (Filtered Words: 0)
A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] indicated that if I would co-operate , after you and [FILTERED] are banished , following the debate , I will be given a place of influence '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
And so off we went to her apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not America founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
At this moment she was crouched in a cave-like aperture halfway down the Reef . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were unclaimed square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the kindliness of her gesture none the less . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] seldom spoke anyhow and he didn't speak to his parents about religion again . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was only one place where [FILTERED] description had gone badly awry : the peace and quiet . (Filtered Words: 1)
He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done . (Filtered Words: 0)
The year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : Af where Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The opposing aircraft continued to come on . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we have seen , Methodism early took a stand against slavery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths . (Filtered Words: 0)
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her back . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his novel The House Of The Dead , Dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a Siberian prison camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone stared at me and drew back . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recreation facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to come here to the hotel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I used bright red , mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the hardener . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Speeches by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland Rotarians and National Press Club alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical . (Filtered Words: 0)
The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the hush that followed the echoes , [FILTERED] was tense . (Filtered Words: 1)
They need mulch . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury . (Filtered Words: 2)
the Briton Stirling Moss , one of the greatest virtuosi of all time , believes that ultra-fast road-circuit driving is an art form related to ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might have been several days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas , Tex. , May 1 -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No , he won't '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Where should I go ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . (Filtered Words: 0)
A jigger of dry [FILTERED] follows , and as the mixture stiffens , in go a hundred of the little oysters . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is little doubt if they had a secret ballot , they would vote for food for their family , in place of ideological purity out on the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in bas-relief , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Characteristics of defense sales activities ( Part B of the questionnaire ) 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For in almost less time than it takes to tell it , [FILTERED]'s bodyweight was increasing rapidly . (Filtered Words: 1)
We'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in Hudson . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I suppose . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Middle East , Iraq , Syria and Egypt were , a short while ago , in the Western camp . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can kill you . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander knew [FILTERED] too well to think him naive or thick-skulled . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had , with her own work-weary hands , put seeds in the ground , watched them sprout , bud , blossom , and get ready to bear . (Filtered Words: 0)
On this issue , then , as on so many in these months , [FILTERED] and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] are less plush than the Florida type but service is good and Creole cooking better . (Filtered Words: 1)
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This would make anyone crafty and cruel , capable of fiendish revenge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most recreation work calls for a good deal of pre-planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments . (Filtered Words: 0)
West Berlin's Mayor [FILTERED] vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( The new nature , received at the time of regeneration , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you hear the anger of the whip's whine '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , backed up by [FILTERED] who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year , but [FILTERED] is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant . (Filtered Words: 3)
They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll start sneezing in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head slumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
your stock in trade ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They didn't seem to be able to think of any . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded dully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somebody was riding the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through . (Filtered Words: 0)
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany , but the hard truth , says [FILTERED] , is that `` The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , the transformation is involutorial . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] 15 minutes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their demand against the Calvinist Orthodoxy for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming Christianity a `` natural '' religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Latin , for example , was not only clear ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is this because of what happened out there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am an honest man '' , the German said with fervor . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED]'s name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that [FILTERED] `` hates life '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] gasped . (Filtered Words: 1)
She worked very hard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harmony in Laos ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And I wasn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
The heat intensified on Tuesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why , [FILTERED] went over and over the report with [FILTERED] , trying to check them out . (Filtered Words: 2)
He thought a moment , then inquired , `` You mean petted '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here's why : (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( ( Tar Heel-Lotus Hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The British and Canadian [FILTERED] , as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization , the American Red Cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed . (Filtered Words: 1)
The excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war , and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies , valued in the millions of dollars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s , A Canticle For Leibowitz ( 1959 ) finds men , after the great atomic disaster , stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , Dr. [FILTERED] remarks , such problems are a couple's own affair , and can't always be measured by a general yardstick . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first of 16 beliefs of the denomination , now reads : (Filtered Words: 0)
To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was an interesting fraternisation of ex-convicts , union racketeers , ward heelers , sold-out officials , and gunmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that's hardly realistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there be a disinterested patriot in America , 'tis General Washington , and his bravery , none can question '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Christmastime ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Noticing Russell's horse in front of the long log building , he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight , so he began working his way down the ditch to join him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Up you go '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses , to call them Night Riders , to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I want to tell you something [FILTERED] Lord . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically . (Filtered Words: 0)
We'll both be blowing town tomorrow so we won't be moving in on you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the first glass of [FILTERED] d'Yquem or [FILTERED] is a great deal better than the last '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
The iron hinges held , but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Detroit , Mich. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps that was the first thing to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
And social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
No dates or hand-holding . (Filtered Words: 0)
This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He really hadn't meant to , he assured her , but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Later on , the children told her further about somersaulting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is the next step , Captain '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I called the station at three this morning '' , [FILTERED]'s nasal voice pronounced . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled , `` You all right , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
At dawn Argiento went to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , Franklin ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
My son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an unskilled laborer . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt intense satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've given willful hurt to no man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both parties and the Ministry of the Interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and , thereby , give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result has been that exports of Underwood products have doubled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are substantially the same factors considered by Non-Catholics in family planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he couldn't imagine where . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and , in turn , the voice as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking : don't talk about the final stages of Reconstruction and they will take care of themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate , said the former Prime Minister . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reception into the Church Fellowship (Filtered Words: 0)
For every person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China . (Filtered Words: 0)
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind . (Filtered Words: 0)
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I understand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet [FILTERED] plowed ahead , mouthing the inconsequential words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is barbecued on an electric spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beckworth left the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conflict surveyed (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was too busy to hear what she was saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Included in the findings are : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reprisals are not unheard of in such situations , but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this expands the oscillation between surface and depth so as to encompass fictive space in front of the surface as well as behind it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each is still glorified as a national hero . (Filtered Words: 0)
All through The Republic , [FILTERED] attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens . (Filtered Words: 1)
Reenact everything [FILTERED] did . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If you don't think much of them , tell me the wholesome truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size . (Filtered Words: 0)
The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's wrong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Records such as diaries can be kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair . (Filtered Words: 0)
People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these sources have not been tapped . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is perhaps no value statement on which people would more universally agree than the statement that intense pain is bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
He would wake up in the middle of the night and fret about it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I know '' , [FILTERED] said dejectedly . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is thick , much like an egg plant's skin , so that poison sprays , if they are used , present no hazard to the consumer . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't want no trouble , you don't want no trouble , nobody wants trouble , Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was obvious that to match [FILTERED] , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones . (Filtered Words: 1)
So strenuous it was physically , with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Just before coming to the mosque entrance I crossed the street , entered the Hippodrome , and walked ahead to the Obelisk of Theodosius , originally erected in Heliopolis in Egypt about 1,600 B.C. by Thutmose , who also built those now in New York , London and Rome at the Lateran . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . (Filtered Words: 0)
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the orgasm ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I came out here to retire . (Filtered Words: 0)
While most of his beliefs were still unsettled , he knew that he did not believe in killing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand , the stock bumping on the wood floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like as if it were built of books '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recognized [FILTERED] and called out a greeting . (Filtered Words: 2)
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you ever seen anything like it around here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He said no more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind them shambled a long column of weak , tattered men . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the thousandth time , I wished I'd chosen some nice , nine-to-five , five-days-a-week profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
The preparatory class is an introductory face-to-face group in which new members become acquainted with one another . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
In both cases the finger-post represents [FILTERED]'s heightened awareness of contrary magnetisms . (Filtered Words: 1)
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner . (Filtered Words: 0)
He never smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was working with species of [FILTERED] , so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect . (Filtered Words: 1)
The early Anchorite masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles . (Filtered Words: 0)
This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
E . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have you any objection to the following plan ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For several months now , [FILTERED] , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. [FILTERED] made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. [FILTERED] wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South . (Filtered Words: 3)
She came from Ohio , from what she called a `` small farm '' of two hundred acres , as indeed it was to farmer-type farmers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Af layers are stacked normal to the ( 111 ) axis with the lower oxygens of one layer directly above the upper oxygens of the neighboring lower layer , in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness '' , declares Dr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
such composers as Monteverdi , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of recitative sensitively attuned to their own languages . (Filtered Words: 2)
Secretary and Mrs. [FILTERED] have contributed enough pieces of Empire furniture , including [FILTERED]'s own sofa , to furnish a room in that style . (Filtered Words: 2)
The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is 4.4 million dollars , said [FILTERED] , president of Carson Pirie Scott & Co. , committee chairman . (Filtered Words: 1)
intelligence on the environment will come from the recently augmented program in oceanography . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] did have friends , but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession . (Filtered Words: 1)
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went straight to the Presidential box . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a sneer , the man spread his legs and , a third time , confronted them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more speedily . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it . (Filtered Words: 0)
No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town . (Filtered Words: 0)
I gave it to the woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water . (Filtered Words: 0)
So far as I know , the [FILTERED] has never put [FILTERED]'s people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters . (Filtered Words: 2)
Drain off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing's free in the whole goddam world '' , was all I could think of to say . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone orders distort the picture : the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot had been good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the crummy bastard could write ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But one word at a time , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was big . (Filtered Words: 0)
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tenure , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 . (Filtered Words: 0)
) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
the second , the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I didn't look at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] told the bartender , `` Bourbon and water '' , and Rourke told him , `` It's those two , all right . (Filtered Words: 1)
First , most products tend to become more complex . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
and Seattle , Wash. . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A bullet smashed directly into the center of [FILTERED] chest . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the I.Q. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED]'s driving me . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now under me I could see him for what he really was , a boy dressed up in streaks of paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games . (Filtered Words: 0)
Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Joel came and sat mutely with her , sharing her pain and anguish , averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom . (Filtered Words: 0)
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jammed it this spring and has had to rest it , but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their bayonets and their cursing fury . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All day '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes flashed angrily . (Filtered Words: 0)
the new owner at Attakapas declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement . (Filtered Words: 0)
As I have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the Buy American Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Low temperature thermometry . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards came to life with astonishing menace . (Filtered Words: 0)
Catholics , Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged , in the South as in the North , as America's true sovereign , in `` a new birth of freedom '' , as Lincoln promised . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century , and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men . (Filtered Words: 0)
It helps those people who help themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jean Babel '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not Pedersen's kid neither . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the pests . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The mother of young queen , Mrs. [FILTERED] chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Chicago , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's $600 in gold in this chamois sack . (Filtered Words: 0)
In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It bewilders and befuddles him . (Filtered Words: 0)
For , after leaving the Army in 1956 , I spent five years in Graduate School first at Boston College and then at the University of Toronto . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , some formulas are used more than others . (Filtered Words: 0)
But isn't this nice '' (Filtered Words: 0)
The train had slowed . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the outskirts of the rabble the [FILTERED] brothers and [FILTERED] shook their fists . (Filtered Words: 2)
The forest took on an impersonal aspect . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was practically a bride , after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Locate the position from Fig. 7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
On May 11 , she reached Iceland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like the pillars of Hercules , like two ruined Titans guarding the entrance to one of [FILTERED]'s circles , stand two great dead juvenile delinquents -- the heroes of the post-war generation : the great saxophonist , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
That finished the job that Captain [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had begun . (Filtered Words: 2)
Outside was finished with Creek-Turn brown toner brushed on and sponged off to give antique finish . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] moved into it . (Filtered Words: 1)
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , formerly of Drexel Hill , and now of Newtown Square , are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , of Temple , Pa. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Years later , franks-in-buns were accepted as the `` first to go '' at the New York Polo Grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
symphony orchestras , opera and ballet companies ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath , [FILTERED] smelt the reek of bad whiskey . (Filtered Words: 1)
Closed molding generally resulted in parts weighing more ( because of higher density ) than parts fabricated from free-blown foams . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a `` blue ribbon '' citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument . (Filtered Words: 1)
Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix . (Filtered Words: 0)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps it should have . (Filtered Words: 0)
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With classical art , all is settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy . (Filtered Words: 1)
If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women . (Filtered Words: 0)
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ronnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
These have been labeled Regions 1 , 2 , and 4 , respectively , in [FILTERED]. 1 . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits . (Filtered Words: 0)
It probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive CONELRAD broadcasts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Easy '' , Nogol confirmed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with [FILTERED] , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 2)
They were carpeted , but made for pumps and congress gaiters , not the great clodhoppers he wore . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was getting light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , [FILTERED] of Berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest . (Filtered Words: 1)
A titre personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was five minutes after four . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men , who are its `` matter '' , tradition , the `` form '' of society exists only as a shared perception of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hesitated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble . (Filtered Words: 1)
These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
a friend of mine removing her from the curio cabinet for inspection was felled as if by a hammer , but he had previously drunk a quantity of applejack . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
By tradition , a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rummaged , found composers and arrangers , collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians , ballad singers , and musicologists . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take off or see the hostages killed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bananas '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Check fit of lid on jar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Rep. [FILTERED] of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Salt and pepper each breast . (Filtered Words: 0)
In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared : (Filtered Words: 0)
He stepped into the dugout , wondering why [FILTERED] was always looking for trouble . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was cold all right , and wet . (Filtered Words: 0)
There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not that such questions are not asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
For what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the orchestra we hear first a hushed , hesitant pizzicato figure , then the insistent `` police '' motif as it appeared in the opening scene . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the Greek chole , meaning bile , and sterios , meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells , since it accounts for about 2% of the brain's total solid weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually herdin' the hosses was spoken of as `` hoss rustlin' '' , and the wrangler was called the `` hoss rustler '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And yet it is not . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] might well have been included , he felt . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British . (Filtered Words: 0)
He promised to take me . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ought to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear them ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Means tried her first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Statistical average and all . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm ready '' , she announced . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAKOS . (Filtered Words: 0)
by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid . (Filtered Words: 0)
5.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tempos were lively . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , if [FILTERED] does nothing about fetching her , I'll pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
`` (Filtered Words: 0)
He had better write a postcard to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why not '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a tremor , `` God forbid '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
the other , for the most part , true . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbols of mother's status , here , are all usual for culture U.S.A. . (Filtered Words: 0)
But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Were you able to make the arrangements '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we grow closer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Coconuts , the fruit of the coconut palm , have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in South Pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his heavenward glances and his pious speeches are not merely perfunctory ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He flexed his muscles for several minutes , got into the tub , and then grew self-conscious of splashing as he washed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals , which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see Apology , 3:300 ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I knew you when you were a child , and you were pretty then dominant stress on then implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'd better sleep '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She escaped , crawled through the usual mine fields , under barbed wire , was shot at , swam a river , and we finally picked her up in Linz . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The attempt to save the Square's historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In West Virginia the number of white and Negro children attending the same school has increased almost twofold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty shrugged slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such marchin' in wholesale numbers was called a `` drift '' , or `` winter drift '' , and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
Publicity is given to the award of patents to our engineers and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish . (Filtered Words: 0)
A measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact , on prior-year returns still under review , for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle , and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Know what Ole Buckra et tonight '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor could he blame them . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the mechanics are similar , we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and the National Symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . (Filtered Words: 1)
His gray hair was thin , his face beginning to attract a swarm of wrinkles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And look what he done give us '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Alaska and Hawaii had fixed allotment percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that it was any of her business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the bay of female dogs in heat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You know '' , he said , getting a grip on himself , `` I think you're going to have to excuse me . (Filtered Words: 0)
they could tell exactly what it was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red always was morose , yet that day the dapper [FILTERED] was the louder of the two . (Filtered Words: 1)
But I questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In poultry judging , blues were won by [FILTERED] of Tualatin , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro and [FILTERED] of Tigard . (Filtered Words: 5)
I grunted , sipping . (Filtered Words: 0)
In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others . (Filtered Words: 0)
His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is this subject a matter of self-determination , a matter of states rights or county rights ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she moved gracefully , she was clumsy at it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He keeps the beat going . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is the recognized `` father '' of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are hordes of nubile young women there who , prodded by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She wanted to know . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the classroom teacher , however , who has daily contacts with pupils , and who is in a unique position to put sound psychological principles into practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither nation would give up their claim on it , yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The things a man will do for a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict '' , -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , if you don't make the American a success , Hearst will have no further use for you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you expect her to show up '' , she said , `` you'd better put ' and wife ' on there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings . (Filtered Words: 0)
From 1 July 1958 to 30 June 1960 , 24 numbers of the Journal and nine of the Bulletin were published . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , as we had surmised , the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( Af ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
His father would come upstairs and stand self-consciously at the foot of the bed and look at his son . (Filtered Words: 0)
The malady was popularly known as the `` Spanish flu '' from the alleged locale of its origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The Stacy Co. makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas . (Filtered Words: 0)
and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I drove the tractor on , not looking down there ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Range was a vital detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and beautify our inner nature '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In eleven states , the fiscal year of the cities ends on December 31 , while the state fiscal year ends on June 30 ( Arkansas , Colorado , Indiana , Kansas , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Ohio , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , and Wisconsin ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the enmities it will incur , the isolation into which it will descend , and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered , will , in the long term , bring it to economic and political disaster . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angie knew -- Speak of dangerous information ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That's a long time , waiting '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period . (Filtered Words: 0)
We find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are short-changing planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] watched them go , still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check . (Filtered Words: 1)
In short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive empathy . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this is my own home '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the specter of losing a costlier war . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of his writings Pascal speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such opiates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The words were hollow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father [FILTERED]'s theological argument . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Artkino presentation , with English titles , opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
No novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild . (Filtered Words: 1)
This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The week went along briskly enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
The data presented are derived almost entirely from X-ray diffraction measurements and include atomic coordinates , cell dimensions , and atomic and ionic radii . (Filtered Words: 0)
All frames are butted at the joints and 3/8-inch plywood gussets are glued and nailed on each side of each joint , again using the one-inch , No. 12 nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
In that interval , the German bombers made a hell of [FILTERED] harbor . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England , we insisted , through the Declaration of Independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aid is a long-term process (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was so taken aback , he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You've never been to Ryusenji '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl nodded understandingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe that's your forte . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has already been reported in your newspapers that the East Greenwich School Committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're right about the fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods . (Filtered Words: 0)
for us it is a fact in history . (Filtered Words: 0)
Large-package twister (Filtered Words: 0)
Now for their exodus from Gulf Springs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Griffith said , `` That's impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
He don't care about nothing else at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a frenzy of excitement , he considered his plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you ever see a play '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Help asked (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ernie offered , taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
Satires Of Circumstance and Moments Of Vision , coming during his most productive decade , are relatively self-contained ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cutting ( or shearing ) removal process has been previously described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close . (Filtered Words: 0)
In each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's really quite fun -- as long as you like games . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neighbor women , such as Mrs. [FILTERED] , 2269 Serra , Sterling Township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with [FILTERED]'s sister-in-law , Mrs. Anna [FILTERED] , 22111 David , East Detroit . (Filtered Words: 3)
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the Highest Lover '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia and U.N. (Filtered Words: 0)
If private brand competition hasn't been felt in your product field as yet , have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights . (Filtered Words: 0)
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928 , and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor [FILTERED] must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office . (Filtered Words: 1)
But even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the routines of the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the fifty-two slaves , [FILTERED] succeeded in getting a lot of twenty , twelve of whom were females . (Filtered Words: 1)
Does it attack other traditional American institutions with unsupportable and wild charges ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A knife would do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's just that -- well , 1105 is being redecorated '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great . (Filtered Words: 0)
In instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , the press photographers were on hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the gentians burned blue , [FILTERED] was shaken and trying not to cry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymouth , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , red wine must , if possible , never be disturbed or shaken ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I had part of a bottle of French beer called [FILTERED] ( so help me ) , then switched to Tuborg . (Filtered Words: 1)
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge . (Filtered Words: 0)
I pay my personal tribute to [FILTERED] , stalwart Texan and great American , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as [FILTERED] , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress . (Filtered Words: 2)
( cf. McGlynn : 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally '' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time . (Filtered Words: 1)
They do not move to Chicago , they move to the South Side ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business , followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , the idea imbedded in each was identical : to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Remember what happened to [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for [FILTERED] and his wife [FILTERED] from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
I could have written anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once you learn how to translate Communese , much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated `` anti-party '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the meal was ready , he told [FILTERED] to wash up , and going into the front room , woke the girl . (Filtered Words: 1)
The images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of California in 1902 and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco Examiner . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nerves tight as a bowstring , he paused to gather his wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had some amusing scandal about the [FILTERED] in the old days . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the bay the Palisades were heavy in green timber ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I told you , [FILTERED] '' , said Rourke in an aggrieved voice . (Filtered Words: 1)
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to [FILTERED] and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target : (Filtered Words: 0)
Depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products , i.e. , in milk for example . (Filtered Words: 0)
The petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge [FILTERED] , Davenport said . (Filtered Words: 1)
According to the Food And Drug Administration ( FDA ) , `` Doctor '' Ghadiali , Dr. [FILTERED] and his clique , and Dr. [FILTERED] -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines . (Filtered Words: 2)
Was it only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the moon-washed river ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As one of them expressed it , `` It has done me a world of good to listen to the naive questions and comments of these not-yet-married people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . (Filtered Words: 0)
The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , [FILTERED] , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings . (Filtered Words: 1)
In The Publick Spirit of the [FILTERED] , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed [FILTERED]'s reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
His first thought was that Mrs. [FILTERED] , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I guess I'll find out soon enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's an important clue to Washington thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum . (Filtered Words: 1)
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bad condition (Filtered Words: 0)
Supt. [FILTERED] had recommended [FILTERED] for the post . (Filtered Words: 2)
The battle of the Naktong River is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of The Fighting Seventh have paid off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
That 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
They waited three minutes and then crept out on tip-toe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The pall of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the [FILTERED] charged again . (Filtered Words: 1)
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ) , and even below the entry-limited price ( but not below average cost ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he walked like a young man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where is that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
After this has become easy , use slower and slower rhythms , kicking higher and higher . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why not have them travel the state in November debating ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while '' , she said wistfully Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
second , that both actual and pending desegregation is , with few exceptions , the product or result of court order . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So , we have to protect the old man for his own good . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
The well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tank below it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Directly across from the Gardens I found a bus stop sign for T 4 and rode it down to the [FILTERED] , with the sports center on my left just before I reached the water and the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace immediately after that . (Filtered Words: 1)
Several photographs and charts of galaxies help the non-scientist keep up with the discussion , and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Headquarters of the Nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You can't stay here with me . (Filtered Words: 0)
He poured his thimble of wine for the toast he'd made so often . (Filtered Words: 0)
A most revealing recent case is Textile Workers Union v. Lincoln Mills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho . (Filtered Words: 0)
As befits a queen , a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thinks she's in a ordinary garage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a nice place , not filled with smoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entire [FILTERED] collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians . (Filtered Words: 1)
Proprietorship (Filtered Words: 0)
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , T may not have a single characteristic value ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I am the wife of the owner of a small , independent meat market . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 5 the early eighth century (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most significant advancements in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated billboard , now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance Neon Sign Co. , Los Angeles , and Industrial Electric Inc. , New Orleans , La. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Astonishingly enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. [FILTERED] , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of punctuation marks and spaces ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
When a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin' run she was said to `` come out a-stoopin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It transfers yarn directly from the producers' largest package into ideal supply packages for use on Unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It fixed on Dartmouth College , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeming much relieved , she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are three levels on which to treat the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded , and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the jest sours . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there were only darkness , all would be clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
The maximum rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0 mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb/day at a maximum rate of 9.3 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , Inspector , look alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a buddy (Filtered Words: 1)
In another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species , prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps perhaps there is a shred of conscience left in the human race . (Filtered Words: 0)
When mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that Mr. [FILTERED] does not make the most of his role . (Filtered Words: 1)
His successors have adopted the opposite alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by [FILTERED] ( Dec. 16 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Four washing test procedures are established , varying in severity from very severe to very mild , and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he went into battle [FILTERED] had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole . (Filtered Words: 1)
The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , boasting an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the nudist way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ain't a gunslinger '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're too clean . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can take it with you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her . (Filtered Words: 0)
elasticity of macromolecular networks (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only important differences from that standpoint , between the two Constitutions , lies in their Preambles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anyone familiar with the details of the [FILTERED] hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was the lawman who survived more gunfights than any other famous gun-slinging character in the book . (Filtered Words: 0)
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to [FILTERED] : `` In America '' , I said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he knew ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Teachers who have been upward mobile probably see education as most valuable for their students if it serves students as it has served them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Madame '' , I said with noblesse oblige because of the `` handsome '' -- `` yeah '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together , singing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Reporters '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great architect also designed the fine interior staircase and colonnade which connects the two courts . (Filtered Words: 0)
A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00 , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without dissent , senators passed a bill by Sen. [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district . (Filtered Words: 2)
In addition , the polyphosphates are also used , probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. [FILTERED] to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He says he'll be here on the one-o'clock plane . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly . (Filtered Words: 0)
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back in Bavaria he had seen that gesture , and at that sight his heart had always died within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 12 , [FILTERED] was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where possible , the name of an executive was supplied along with the company name and address . (Filtered Words: 0)
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions , than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it is midweek , but it's only eight days before commencement . (Filtered Words: 0)
To write a play , the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination , the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the close of [FILTERED]' speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president , and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously : (Filtered Words: 1)
The North and the South were in greater agreement on sovereignty , through all their dispute about it , than were the Founding Fathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output . (Filtered Words: 0)
Power company backs confidence with dollars (Filtered Words: 0)
The normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day , but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually . (Filtered Words: 0)
The show was colorful , indeed , exuberant , but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course it looked like an accident . (Filtered Words: 0)
One day , to everyone's astonishment , someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Git over by the window while there's light , an' I'll put th' candle out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Graduates of this maid's school are much in demand and can always find work immediately . (Filtered Words: 0)
logistics and transport ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then people wonder why Russian pupils are more advanced than American students . (Filtered Words: 0)
Would condemnation be fitting if , independently of the condemnation , there were nothing bad to condemn ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential . (Filtered Words: 0)
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general . (Filtered Words: 0)
You do seem somewhat tattered '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
These studies vary widely in scope and precision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and , motoring and walking , took him to Stratford , but the London stay was for only ten days , and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton , where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
The liberals , smelling blood , were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes -- in the Democratic Committee on Committees , in the full party caucus , and on the floor of the House -- before they could oust Colmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm sorry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31 . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at [FILTERED] has been that of [FILTERED] ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the [FILTERED] stable , who was clocked 2:25 . (Filtered Words: 3)
He hoped he was free of self-deception . (Filtered Words: 0)
McClellan , who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction , was with her when she died . (Filtered Words: 0)
Married a man named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , come on , Cappy '' , the girl chided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like Napoleon , he was the worst of losers . (Filtered Words: 0)
More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's aspiration . (Filtered Words: 0)
wetting a wart with this saliva on wakening the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this section '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And so the psalmist gives us one more picture of God : `` The Lord is the strength of my life '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Roman Catholic Church has excommunicated one of its priests , Father Feeney , for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be good for them to have a mother they need not be ashamed of . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of primary interest are meats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The country was now full of Gazettes and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , who had just taken over Franklin's old paper , desired a more distinctive name . (Filtered Words: 2)
Printed material (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Later research has shown this part of the legend of the Re Galantuomo to be false . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the Englishman ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious , riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
What the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as hostages , along with the crew . (Filtered Words: 0)
McBride reddened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating . (Filtered Words: 0)
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will carve out my tongue with her hacksaw ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the three volumes , [FILTERED] is easily the best . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before Harmony had a chance to reply , [FILTERED] cracked his long whip over his thin oxen's backs . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beauty borrowed from afar (Filtered Words: 0)
But don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
They interviewed the conductor of the streetcar [FILTERED] said he had taken , but the man did not remember [FILTERED] as a passenger . (Filtered Words: 2)
The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12' or wider for forklift unloading ( a 21% increase while the total number of box cars was falling 6% ) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars . (Filtered Words: 0)
, (Filtered Words: 0)
I can see it from this window where I write . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Johnnie rose on one elbow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations , smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold foothill air . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't see them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The temperature then is still very high . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cultures taken from the jejunum yielded Monilia albicans , Pseudomonas pyocanea , [FILTERED] aerogenes , and Streptococcus anhemolyticus . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again we waited for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Purpose and scope (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ah , Monsieur , it is not my business to wager it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone and telegraph (Filtered Words: 0)
Interest rates (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares . (Filtered Words: 0)
He rose and went to the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her ostensible indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations , in her adolescence , of her having been indoctrinated in childhood to feel shame , if not guilt , for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to , and judged by , the performance of her nursery- and elementary-school peer friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
clock without hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The investigation will be well worth your time . (Filtered Words: 0)
We moved down Broadway from ginmill to ginmill . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile . (Filtered Words: 0)
The impending death of [FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
He was critical of what he feels is President [FILTERED]'s tendency to be too conciliatory . (Filtered Words: 1)
A little more than twenty years ago the American people turned an important corner . (Filtered Words: 0)
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
he studied the pistol exhibition that Hurrays featured as an added attraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
swampy areas or intermittent springs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Aces ( ones ) with three dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , `` Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : stage technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a landslide of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie Cantor comedy hour on a permanent basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] paused with him , waiting , no longer impatient , trying now to think it out , do a little planning . (Filtered Words: 1)
She and her husband had formerly lived in New York , where she had many friends , but Mr. [FILTERED] thought the country would be safer in case of war . (Filtered Words: 1)
Plebian dictators (Filtered Words: 0)
They had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seeks to make his dancers more `` godlike '' by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape , light , color , and sound . (Filtered Words: 0)
She would be among the elite of her kind . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
What to talk about ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Circumstances alter cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary-type show to be sponsored by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was getting so that we , the Committee , were being tried . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the automobiles that stream out of Hanover each weekend , toward Smith and Wellesley and Mount Holyoke , are no less rakish than those leaving Cambridge or West Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
What for ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Welsh coal miners , Communist-led , are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in American coal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since our viewpoints in this respect coincided precisely , we present the fruits of our efforts herewith as a single social code for pool owners . (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo shook his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lawmaking power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the Mayor . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield semidrying oils . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly , she stayed in bed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into court (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical chemistry of washing (Filtered Words: 0)
Conflict surveyed (Filtered Words: 0)
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` Roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` Babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` Peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` Gothic faces '' ) , [FILTERED] projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev had known all along . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it was , it took the pigment well for six hours , enough for our purpose , and held it firmly in setting . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide . (Filtered Words: 0)
To sew in sleeves : (Filtered Words: 0)
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fruit compote : `` If you think I would understand it '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by `` busy-work '' and ersatz decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
That finished the job that Captain [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had begun . (Filtered Words: 2)
you are cutting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on , darling . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first time an English Primate has done this since the 14th century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , however , the team considered it would provide the most useful information at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to [FILTERED] by the pump one morning . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] screamed again . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of an EQU statement , e.g. , (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be better for [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] and Mrs. [FILTERED] not to see them . (Filtered Words: 3)
( opposite page , top left ) : Remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in math and science . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calcium , phosphorus and iron are present in worthwhile amounts , and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This snake could not harm anything '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Decisions are made (Filtered Words: 0)
She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
So we are the more prepared to give Parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy , to salute his courage , and to pass on , happily forgetting both him and the entire episode . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he hadn't understood . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let Mullins keep the firm seat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Growth of the six giants (Filtered Words: 0)
The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs' , and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its dangerous effects have been downgraded to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , again , applies to Katanga . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a child with an I.Q. of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement , his discrepancy score would be , representing of one year of over-achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , he told the `` skyjackers '' , the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach Havana ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic . (Filtered Words: 0)
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , of course , in the House for a very long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When he added to his Pittsburgh commitments the directorship of the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1958 , he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months , `` commuting '' between the two cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
South Viet Nam has received $1,450,000,000 in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President [FILTERED] visit last May . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I forgot . (Filtered Words: 0)
( This goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
These machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the `` line '' , though I realized I was in poor shape physically . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with , as he soon perceived , no brassiere beneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no dyeing or waxing or gassing needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at Grafton to the troops operating in the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that's what they do . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the indenture is accepted , the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue . (Filtered Words: 0)
In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in the `` [FILTERED] square (Filtered Words: 3)
The inner ( anode ) sphere is pierced , elongated into a cup , and terminated by the phosphor screen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Metaphysics is no longer a direct grappling with nature as it was in antiquity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
Something had to be done ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant Class 1 , -- A or Class 1 , -- B clear-channel stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective . (Filtered Words: 0)
You talked about John-and-[FILTERED] as an entity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experimental procedure and error analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
The taunt was lost on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He sneezed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
MPH for Car speed (Filtered Words: 0)
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fist went down into the pile of flesh , and [FILTERED] heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` Aaawww '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` The Forgotten War '' his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went and , mum and nervous , all but made a fool of myself . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young Americans will run into . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally come those little flicks of a rigger brush and the job is done . (Filtered Words: 0)
And unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado . (Filtered Words: 0)
Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was , indeed , a direct connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Can you find it all right '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo . (Filtered Words: 0)
Too bad your number is in the directory '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
hands to guide or restrain ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Combine ingredients ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 5th day of July , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the converse at bottoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A cane's mighty handy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` you'd better simmer down '' , I said nervously . (Filtered Words: 0)
My great-grandmother , I have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
On December 21 , the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir [FILTERED] , their Tory Lord Chancellor , [FILTERED] reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : `` They that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The ladies were delighted and [FILTERED] was applauded . (Filtered Words: 1)
For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the outskirts of Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had thought no further than finding Muller . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers , the dancers are sometimes proffered drinks , and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his life . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mono-unsaturated fats have room for two more hydrogens on each molecule , and the poly-unsaturated fat molecule has room for at least four hydrogens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patience needed (Filtered Words: 0)
Although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an impediment ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's let him make up his own mind , OK '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section 602.2 ( , ) , as follows : (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone interrupted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What is your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The treatment seems unnecessarily loose-jointed and complex , largely because the method is lax and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent stopping-point . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though I may be , the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember , and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , come on , Cappy '' , the girl chided . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , after emasculation , he was eased up for a couple of weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The controversy now revolves mainly around the number and geographic origin of the deputies of the Secretary General and , more particularly , around the nature of his relationship with them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland Yard , Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again . (Filtered Words: 0)
or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know I don't want to see Pedersen . (Filtered Words: 0)
She felt like a fool , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] left [FILTERED] at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight . (Filtered Words: 2)
On December 2 , 1859 , [FILTERED] was hanged at Charles Town , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 1)
He thought of [FILTERED] , the nigger who had gone after his sister . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under [FILTERED]'s direction , it begins stirringly , as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other , waiting for the first surrender gesture . (Filtered Words: 1)
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage [FILTERED]'s black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows . (Filtered Words: 0)
The neighborhood high schools are not , strictly speaking , comprehensive schools , because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1892 ears of red , yellow , purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create huge `` paintings '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name is [FILTERED] , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in `` Death In Venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of cadaver , exotic , and psychopomp . (Filtered Words: 1)
St. John 36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
it conceals and yet is suggestive ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This time he turned westward , to the middle Atlantic coast of North America . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved , commenting : `` It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office . (Filtered Words: 0)
The talk of a Hearst `` barrel '' was increasing . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , the noted psychologist and sex researcher , Dr. [FILTERED] , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm sorry . (Filtered Words: 0)
They picnicked by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Firm arrangements for the meeting in Vienna were worked out in a final exchange between Moscow and Washington last week . (Filtered Words: 0)
It doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology , however , it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Europe , Premier [FILTERED] , showing his animal proclivities as the `` Tiger of France '' , asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Findings at necropsy (Filtered Words: 0)
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . (Filtered Words: 0)
She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech . (Filtered Words: 0)
The persistent horror of having a malformed child has , I believe , been reduced , not because we have gained any control over this misfortune , but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drafted into the Austrian army , he rebelliously rejected discipline , wangled a Vienna billet , went on painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury . (Filtered Words: 0)
The examples were plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration , quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg. / l. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ideal storage temperature for long periods is about fifty-five degrees , with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this , provided there are no sudden or frequent changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian , highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire , action is based on direct self-confidence , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Biological warfare (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxidation pond (Filtered Words: 0)
A military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of trans-illumination ( as shown by the photo on p. 92 ) , as just one example , offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems -- no matter what industry is involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord nodded agreeably . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in prophetic parody . (Filtered Words: 0)
What one actually remembers is its greenness . (Filtered Words: 0)
In contrast , a metal coupon Af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . (Filtered Words: 0)
The editor , sports editor , and student business manager are chosen in December , the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester . (Filtered Words: 0)
I suppose these absences gave her more clearance for her embraces with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I don't want no trouble , you don't want no trouble , nobody wants trouble , Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , by squeezing her foot three times , he came up -- presto -- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze . (Filtered Words: 0)
Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man , not God . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're the only man the Night Riders will follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third crawling man forced himself erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by , he would mew at it in friendly fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gosson and Sidney (Filtered Words: 0)
Very nice for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Puny goes with pale and peaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration . (Filtered Words: 0)
We caught the early train to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a) , which is the only type presently under discussion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , politician (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't see Alma anywhere '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
I got there at 9:47 A.M. , found her strangled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jew was the safest victim . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. [FILTERED] points out . (Filtered Words: 1)
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways , including the grade-constructed accesses , occupies by itself no less than eighty acres of downtown land , one-eighth of a square mile , an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
The car was waiting for him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Free Democrats ( 12 per cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union , and more dealings with the Communist bloc . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Master [FILTERED] , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Readiness exercises '' are almost continuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
U Thant of Burma (Filtered Words: 0)
A sample of Fraction Af from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer , dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in [FILTERED]. 2 . (Filtered Words: 1)
6.4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill four No. 19 and four No. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` A '' pieces . (Filtered Words: 0)
It usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of World War 2 , , free Europe was ready for a new beginning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let N be a linear operator on the vector space V . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , the scholar , as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years , will be mindful of two facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shrugged noncommittally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
This left the Soviets plenty of leeway to start low-grade brushfire aggressions with considerable impunity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The child's thin legs were plodding . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded understandingly . (Filtered Words: 1)
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear Wife ) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
This bold self-assertion , after decades of humble subservience , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the Southern way of existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are 151 items in the [FILTERED] show , including one painting by each member of the `` Eight '' , as well as work by Sloan's friends and students . (Filtered Words: 1)
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see [FILTERED]. 1 , opposite page ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its costive deliberations were likened to those of the British courts of chancery mercilessly caricatured by [FILTERED] in Bleak House . (Filtered Words: 1)
Howard sighed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the Canadian Rockies , great groves of aspen are already glinting gold . (Filtered Words: 0)
the company became `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development . (Filtered Words: 0)
To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mayor visits Buckley (Filtered Words: 0)
Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boundary maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
It is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly ripened , its dark green skin covers a meaty , melon-like pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe [FILTERED] pear , but oily . (Filtered Words: 1)
Singing into the mirror and his interested eyes , he was pleased to note , when he stripped for his own bath , that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Everything would be all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests . (Filtered Words: 0)
Knightfall ( Knight Dream-Miss [FILTERED] ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For added strength , I also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint . (Filtered Words: 0)
Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space . (Filtered Words: 0)
Make creamer the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , turning on what was meant to be charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this is simple enough , but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes there weren't even any seats . (Filtered Words: 0)
So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance . (Filtered Words: 0)
I ought to remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a whole lot easier '' , he said , `` to increase the population of Nevada , than it is to increase the population of New York city '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not me , anyway . (Filtered Words: 0)
I took a deep breath , and the plunge . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Minnesota , Arrowhead County and route 53 north to International Falls are outstanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
She lived by the rules , never compromising , never blinded or diverted by circumstance . (Filtered Words: 0)
It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade , but asked an indemnity . (Filtered Words: 0)
This costs from $.75 to $2.30/mbf , but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning , found the town empty , accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below is a specific guide , keyed to the calendar . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two of them against the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sanctions . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one said a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
A long time later , by cosmic clock , she said , `` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Painting isn't this big , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , perhaps , table-tennis and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Lift , don't shove lift '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hurts like hell for a second , then it disappears '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a saucepan put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a sliced lemon , a tablespoonful of apricot preserve or jam , a pinch each of clove and nutmeg , and a large bay leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
A band viscometer is shown in Figure 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The truth in their conflicting concepts was expounded by statesmen of the calibre of [FILTERED] and Calhoun , and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of Lincoln and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
In addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our pitching is much better than it has shown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the directors nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
The commands are specified by the military regulations ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You are right now , buddy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're leaving '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon she saw [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] moving over to join them . (Filtered Words: 2)
we were also literary ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Plane suggested another preparation of Af which we used here . (Filtered Words: 0)
You should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
Virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise , and then he said flatly : `` I'm afraid I can't tell you anything in particular about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s [FILTERED] is healthy , cheerful , energetic , revelling in his physical agility and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves . (Filtered Words: 2)
Are there regular communications from the field , or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with R & D people ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Declaration of estimated tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
While the U. S. Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew German ambitions toward Rome and Sicily . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of types of message listed in Table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in Figure 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a great spectacle . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , we have measured two different characteristics . (Filtered Words: 0)
What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
A tune began to whirl inside his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do , [FILTERED] dear , is to phone on your arrival . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about . (Filtered Words: 0)
As usual , Mrs. [FILTERED] was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking utensils . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official [FILTERED] , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . (Filtered Words: 1)
The ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the picture of [FILTERED] is pretty sinister . (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being , that was my favorite study . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean anyone who stood up for his rights '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
From Candlelight Club (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother . (Filtered Words: 0)
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss [FILTERED]'s opinion , could only be meant as Swift . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then I asked , `` What does that teach you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Thank you '' , I told her . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this case , drilling a small pilot hole or clamping the work will do much to improve accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae . (Filtered Words: 0)
When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have learned a lot -- a dash of hydrochemistry here , a bit about plumbing and pump-priming there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. [FILTERED] of Los Angeles , Calif. , and [FILTERED] of Santa Monica , Calif. . (Filtered Words: 2)
Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of [FILTERED] was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward , but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history . (Filtered Words: 1)
Poems Of The Past And The Present and Time's Laughing Stocks , both published while Hardy was at work on The Dynasts , draw heavily on poems written before 1900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A binomial experiment consists of Af independent binomial trials , all with the same probability Af of yielding a success . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cook a whole antelope '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Chapter 6 , more methods (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked [FILTERED] at one stage of his excavation project . (Filtered Words: 1)
Traffic and revenues on the Chicago Skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Commission recommended against the use of federal government funds for the assistance of private universities and against a broad program of government-supported scholarships . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As early as 1900 a Wall Street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of exacting heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll leave the air conditioner on for you , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
a Bakhtiari khan in a cap and hacking jacket ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't bother '' , [FILTERED] answered . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures . (Filtered Words: 0)
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . (Filtered Words: 0)
the hoaxes (Filtered Words: 0)
Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases . (Filtered Words: 0)
Curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the Baslot . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment , and suited him quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are home now with the other [FILTERED] children , Vicky , 14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You get your unconditional release as of today '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a rodeo . (Filtered Words: 0)
but then since the operator is diagonalizable , the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
i.e. , it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving Civil Defense outfit , 23 operators and office personnel stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the one on the right . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first Atlas ICBM's are now operational , the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year , and the first Titan ICBM's next year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor's wits had not left him , however , for all his sixty-eight years , and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead . (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't consider that he was prejudged . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brief resume hardly does the book justice , but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor instantly asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is this a reason for saving no one ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned to Germany for the first time in 1953 , where he has since conducted in Cologne , Frankfurt , and Berlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored . (Filtered Words: 0)
They all bowed low as I approached them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And this occurs now , at the refrain of [FILTERED]'s song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` [FILTERED] '' -- ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943 , the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it not well-made ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why does the story affect us ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
the hoaxes (Filtered Words: 0)
Weil identifies it as being `` rootless '' , [FILTERED] as being `` placeless '' , Riesman as being `` lonely '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types , certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co. has home offices and factory facilities here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] , who now live in Kankakee , are telling friends of the engagement . (Filtered Words: 1)
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
North to Acadia National Park , Maine , with views of a rockbound coast and dark , magnificent forests . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . (Filtered Words: 0)
The continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the ever-growing need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pains themselves had not changed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I forgot to aim . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Taking first things first , let's understand the sport called gymnastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jess stiffened . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My souls' a-gracious '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The micrometer caliper , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
a wallet with $450 in it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found [FILTERED] , who came in and sat down on a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves . (Filtered Words: 0)
Proposals (Filtered Words: 0)
Brevet Major General [FILTERED] was the regiment's first permanent commander and , like such generals as [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in their rise to military prominence , [FILTERED] was a believer in blood and guts warfare . (Filtered Words: 4)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight aircraft in this small box . (Filtered Words: 0)
To do this , set up a plan on paper for operating the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Grosse ducked and sniggered . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their exultation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle . (Filtered Words: 0)
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below . (Filtered Words: 0)
And not for one moment did she believe that [FILTERED] had settled down . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was to get involved in no arguments ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The general Protestant conviction is that motives , rather than methods , form the primary moral issue , provided the methods are limited to the prevention of conception '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate . (Filtered Words: 0)
They knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the aniseikonic lenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It looks like we did , when we made blastdown '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bad condition (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm sorry , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had it all doped , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world . (Filtered Words: 1)
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Styka were silent . (Filtered Words: 1)
Their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The new nature , received at the time of regeneration , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nitrogen narcosis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me as-it-were the spirit , the demoniac , evil spirit of this whole affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her services to the School for many years were of a very high character , and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , dear ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Nice , even if a trifle gaudy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is your R & D or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Report of case (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not going to lose the mission by default , and whatever reason [FILTERED] had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise . (Filtered Words: 1)
Dill's voice tightened . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new President is in no position to start out his dealings with Moscow by issuing callable bluffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Follow me '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's a big snake , isn't it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Jaggers' iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , hesitatingly , as if she dreaded his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her acquitted of a murder charge by cleverly contriving her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the lacerations on the backs of her hands as the scratches of brambles rather than of human fingernails . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , a plan that fulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design . (Filtered Words: 0)
She already knew this unwholesome , chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The knowledge that most Americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The followers of bullies invariably are aggrieved about the very things they plan to do to others . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1602 , [FILTERED] , in the same little Discovery that Hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . (Filtered Words: 1)
Table covers and towels were clean , ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is , at times , just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution , 1789 (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him , and did not disturb her . (Filtered Words: 0)
An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I knowingly abuse their confidence . (Filtered Words: 0)
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white people fall back bitterly before the black horde ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime , a solemn consecration of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle , of mahogany , ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf . (Filtered Words: 0)
could piece , as it were , the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED]' now , oh my yes , indeed , yes ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them , not at all unharmonious , merely unique . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on London bridge the [FILTERED] boys of the East End will gather to sing [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and perhaps some lyrics of their own . (Filtered Words: 4)
Not the kid neither '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willings would ambush , certainly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of major denominational membership statistics over a twenty-year period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the Church were lost to the Church within seven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gladius Dei '' ( 1902 ) resembles `` The Way To The Churchyard '' in its representation of a conflict between light and dark , between `` Life '' and a spirit of criticism , negation , melancholy , but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the melee . (Filtered Words: 0)
If that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
These blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion , compared to $1.7 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased . (Filtered Words: 0)
Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13 , , Stettin , as to his own fierce will and love of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The name : [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her . (Filtered Words: 0)
What words had any meaning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Further proof ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is harder , he muttered , to meditate on man ( or woman ) than on God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Montero shouted furiously . (Filtered Words: 0)
To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Introduction continues : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's one hell of a decent boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Get in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His room will be ready shortly '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You cheap , no good , two-timing bitch ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remaking an army to win (Filtered Words: 0)
rather on the medium side . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. [FILTERED]'s imagination of the possibilities in the situation . (Filtered Words: 1)
And ( D ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of hoop snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
These oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cowboy called this breed of cattle `` magpies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is permitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] shook his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] yelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has stoked up [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , the King of Morocco , [FILTERED] and other shiny characters . (Filtered Words: 4)
In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : lambs (Filtered Words: 0)
Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin . (Filtered Words: 0)
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing , sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept him alive , waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
And why not ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and General the Count Pallavicini , founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house , a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December , 1780 . (Filtered Words: 0)
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Kill 'em '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus , the guy says he is trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So that proves it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57 , and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy . (Filtered Words: 0)
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team . (Filtered Words: 0)
instructive -- maybe ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And that is '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third time rather urgently . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General [FILTERED] ( Grumble ) [FILTERED] reached [FILTERED] while on the famous [FILTERED]-Imboden raid in May , 1863 . (Filtered Words: 3)
Prevention of bacterial pneumonia , shipping fever , as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Voltaire perseveres . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come . (Filtered Words: 0)
The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Brannon , I warn you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And now [FILTERED] sat on a train on the way to Lublin and wondered if he was not being punished for his lack of belief . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation , and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Does this bother you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A quibusdam , , audivi nuper [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was the call of the wild all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
What evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks , unlike his older brother [FILTERED] , had most of the methodological vices usually found in the amateur . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , not Bermuda . (Filtered Words: 0)
The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by [FILTERED] , an attorney for the association . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I was lonely always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
By that time , perhaps something better can be done '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was water . (Filtered Words: 0)
He quickly called on Ghana , Tunisia , Morocco , Guinea and Mali , which dispatched troops within hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century , I believe '' , my host said . (Filtered Words: 0)
His face was fuller ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His name's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] speeds are important if you want a good job . (Filtered Words: 1)
When it was not , one of the great dramas of Washington would be presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
As things happened , [FILTERED] was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent . (Filtered Words: 1)
A few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama , but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The last-named is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his dealings with offenders , however , [FILTERED] was typically firm but just . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sympathy is a fine quality in a woman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Magnificent Mosque (Filtered Words: 0)
Interviews with members of the [FILTERED] population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population . (Filtered Words: 1)
And it was interesting to observe that B.B.C.'s television film on Christmas Eve was The Bells Of St. Mary's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before entering the service , [FILTERED] for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans . (Filtered Words: 1)
( 2 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
This was [FILTERED] , proprietor of the juke joint . (Filtered Words: 1)
In contrast , the East is ably led by such stalwart heroes as Khrushchev , Tito , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In spite of the disaster , [FILTERED] completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort , in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees -- a project of great and appropriate charm , that came to nothing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nutritious and a cholesterol reducer (Filtered Words: 0)
Glance at the list : [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Proudhon , Thoreau , London , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , Mayo , [FILTERED] , Tannenbaum , Mumford , [FILTERED] , Huxley , [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 8)
Bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for partitions , fancy flooring , appliances and fixtures , electrical wiring , and plumbing , all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was obvious that to match [FILTERED] , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones . (Filtered Words: 1)
To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from Miguel De Cervantes' `` Don Quixote '' is the brilliant Russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the Fifty-fifth Street and Sixty-eighth Street Playhouses . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fun of toasting their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal burners and dipping them in tasty sauces will keep your group busy -- try it and see ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marlene ( surname : Adamo ) , 25 , a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris , now lives on Manhattan's West Side , is about the best belly dancer working the Casbah , loves it so much that she dances on her day off . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities , Chattanooga , Knoxville , and Memphis . (Filtered Words: 0)
The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he got on his knees and rolled [FILTERED]' body toward the edge . (Filtered Words: 1)
it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
to her , each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What have you to say to that , Sergeant '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things : (Filtered Words: 0)
And she replied , `` I was born in America , but I was conceived in Vienna '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
His revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal vacationland , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T will be called its multiplicity at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Figure 3 shows the data on a silicone fluid , labeled 12,500 cps which gave a high positive normal pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
He receives remuneration for his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , culminates in the climax of the orgasm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Third base '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't move or say anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception . (Filtered Words: 0)
What does a monk know about sex '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Other triumphs include `` Random Harvest '' , `` Madame Curie '' , `` Pride and Prejudice '' , `` The Forsythe Saga '' and `` Mrs. [FILTERED] '' ( which won her the Academy Award in 1943 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girl asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
One beat poet composes a poem , `` Lines On A Tijuana John '' , which contains a few happy hints for survival . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sources of data : (Filtered Words: 0)
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , President [FILTERED] said , `` As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` That would be worse than useless '' , [FILTERED] broke in . (Filtered Words: 1)
Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into [FILTERED] birthplace at Hannibal , see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where [FILTERED] hatched his boyish mischief . (Filtered Words: 2)
Walk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theorem 13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
he laid all four knuckles in between the man's cheekbone and his chin . (Filtered Words: 0)
She envied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't sound like a pale girl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stickler for rules (Filtered Words: 0)
I can't wait no two weeks '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the leafiest part of the tree , straddling a broad horizontal limb , he could see over the meadow . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . (Filtered Words: 0)
How do they turn out later '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and it gave [FILTERED] a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art . (Filtered Words: 1)
That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Hand her a chair and she would say , `` Why , it's a nice imitation of those [FILTERED] chairs I inherited from Grandmother Delancy '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2'' '' sq. spacer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Criticality : (Filtered Words: 0)
The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the other activities of his life partook of these values . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in its engineers' frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and earsplitting brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for super-high fidelity '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been cooing doves , chattering magpies , thieving jackdaws , a proud peacock , a silly goose , and a harpy eagle -- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You feel him every mile further away . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a propagandist -- they weren't afraid of the word , then -- satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , on occasion , posed as addicts and peddlers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] stopped at Litowski Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a few years we will have SAMOS ( semiautomatic missile observation system ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide [FILTERED] with headlines : `` [FILTERED]'s Multiple Romances '' `` [FILTERED] Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
Sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Remarks of Hon. [FILTERED] of Connecticut (Filtered Words: 1)
Time , of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a relief to get rid of the weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The curious relationship between Holmes and Scotland Yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , Labor Commissioner [FILTERED] and Mayor [FILTERED] , all Democrats . (Filtered Words: 4)
Everyone who loves is born of God , and knows God . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had his own face , dark and beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
If pressed by the sitter for more detail , she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply , almost as if she were physically going closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
To be human , he believes , is to seek one's own destruction : the Freudian `` death-wish '' cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto race-drivers . (Filtered Words: 0)
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in Mr. [FILTERED]'s hammock purchase . (Filtered Words: 1)
Again , [FILTERED] thought a little sadly , these were the fees of poverty and ambition . (Filtered Words: 1)
Place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat , clay and mold in one action . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't the roughness and crudity and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the American taxpayer who was footing the bill . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old [FILTERED] pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' [FILTERED] retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday . (Filtered Words: 2)
Exemption also allowed parent . (Filtered Words: 0)
We would write to one another and make a definite plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Holmes is a public servant , to be sure ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Dealers' stocks down (Filtered Words: 0)
According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were almost immediately worshipped for these newer , even more terrible abilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
after coming to America , her parents had spoken only English . (Filtered Words: 0)
To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems , Mr. [FILTERED] invited [FILTERED] to Cape Cod for the weekend . (Filtered Words: 2)
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying . (Filtered Words: 0)
A thick , crimson carpet muffled every footfall . (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man . (Filtered Words: 0)
A long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , the next morning , they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms , with the weighted line beside it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She was shocked . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raised them . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' I thought , and wondered what kind of homesteads such odd pioneers would establish in this suburban frontier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
well , not discussed him exactly , but said , `` [FILTERED] '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( Harlan-[FILTERED] ) 2:37 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weaving seam (Filtered Words: 0)
In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior . (Filtered Words: 0)
When values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid helium-4 vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 millidegrees respectively were found . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
But her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form , a need to let the experience shape itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue . (Filtered Words: 0)
No doubt Mrs. [FILTERED] had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . (Filtered Words: 1)
To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Stardel ( Star's Pride-Starlette Hanover ) , 2:34 , looks quite promising . (Filtered Words: 0)
you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is not now , nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race , color or creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a chemist's clerk . (Filtered Words: 0)
The second edition should have greater uniformity . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll try '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fats from the seeds of the mahua tree , the shea tree , and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries . (Filtered Words: 1)
She has a pretty bad cold '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers , English Catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being `` un-English '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by [FILTERED] and the Japan Travel Bureau and were more elegant than I would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- I did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is needed , [FILTERED] writes in The Cornell Daily Sun ( October 26 ) is a discontinuity . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although one meets with occasional extremists like [FILTERED] or , very recently , [FILTERED] the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and gullibility . (Filtered Words: 2)
The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're Japs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angry because I was that very one somebody was supposed To be fighting for '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was another family interest also . (Filtered Words: 0)
The young married people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties . (Filtered Words: 0)
More often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring . (Filtered Words: 0)
The thunk was louder , anyway , and I thought I heard bone crack . (Filtered Words: 0)
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . (Filtered Words: 0)
I like to make a seedbed right in the open , though many people start them successfully in cold frames . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York , thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of [FILTERED]'s Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs . (Filtered Words: 2)
But a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed , and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning to the more modern versions , [FILTERED]'s ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work . (Filtered Words: 1)
Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had `` obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy '' , and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's up now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This time , they had been lucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two features are immediately evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having completed our camera work , we started our climb . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two met in the Captain's cabin . (Filtered Words: 0)
I mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here , so none of us know how long anything takes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is , of course , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out at the airport each morning , Fogg's skilled mechanic [FILTERED] would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar . (Filtered Words: 1)
I practically had to sign your life away , you'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for , but '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
If only they and [FILTERED] in the pit had got together a bit more . (Filtered Words: 1)
He rose stiffly , forcing his knees to lock . (Filtered Words: 0)
What has it all come to ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had large bright eyes , the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere , and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of paot framing their little white faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned , and he promptly passed the charges on to [FILTERED] , demanding that [FILTERED] answer them . (Filtered Words: 2)
I'm willing to stake my political career on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply enough , through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of domesticity , for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His own fate he accepted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pornsen . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't much care if she were there or not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The War Department wrote Mr. [FILTERED] a letter and said he was a hero . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` President [FILTERED] once again interpreted the Soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had taken her all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . (Filtered Words: 0)
the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ritter proceeded , `` You now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or 1820 , you will have to reckon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why didn't you duck '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had changed for him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
By the middle of the summer , many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is `` optimal '' , and it is then that young queens begin to appear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simple hole drilling operations (Filtered Words: 0)
We couldn't budge them . (Filtered Words: 0)
But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent . (Filtered Words: 0)
right-of-entry plus enforcement authority ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem of NATO is not one of machinery , of which there is an abundance , but of the will to use it . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a `` big bundle '' of cash which [FILTERED] gave her for keeping her mouth shut . (Filtered Words: 1)
a `` Double-Figure '' , which went to the Chicago Art Institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
settings by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
She come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The casualties in the Army of the Cumberland were 22,807 , while for all three armies they were 37,081 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the homeowners nor to the town but rather to Tri-State . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research , development test and evaluation funds , devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft , and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called . (Filtered Words: 0)
He chuckled , the memory vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
But not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Former Vice-President [FILTERED] in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union . (Filtered Words: 1)
An impressive technician , Mr. [FILTERED] has fine rhythm , to boot . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can't be happy long without drinking water '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't hold her pure little han' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. [FILTERED] himself ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people . (Filtered Words: 0)
, for Engine crankshaft speed (Filtered Words: 0)
There is probably a moral in all this about `` mind vs. heart '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He couldn't appear as a composer now . (Filtered Words: 0)
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick [FILTERED] had thought up was dispelled . (Filtered Words: 1)
it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quint smothered a yawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes , as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cascaded single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution . (Filtered Words: 0)
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced [FILTERED] and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Systems covering the Gulf of St. Lawrence and possibly the entire coasts of the United States are not impossible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was it all vain labor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
At either end and in the center there are bays which contain nine greater alcoves as frescoed and capacious as church apses . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphans , and the third for relief for the war refugees . (Filtered Words: 0)
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , Pam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
If the distant patron of the suburban branch has been frightened away from downtown by traffic problems , however , the city store can only pressure the politicians to do something about the highways or await the completion of the federal highway program . (Filtered Words: 0)
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ingredients of [FILTERED]'s novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him . (Filtered Words: 1)
He would ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Lying awake at night , he could see them , laid out on the floor of his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field . (Filtered Words: 0)
The model quite plainly thought [FILTERED] crazy ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , after all , he has lived comfortably at both Oxford , Mississippi , and Charlottesville , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
) Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no way for him not to know it : there are few things under heaven more unnerving than the silent , accumulating contempt and hatred of a people . (Filtered Words: 0)
They did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And due to modern resource-use and game management practices , there is still game to shoot , even with the ever-expanding encroachment on land and water . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s strategy had been immensely successful . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As [FILTERED] put it , `` They have separate pieces of the pie , and we have the whole pie . (Filtered Words: 1)
The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years . (Filtered Words: 1)
Principles involved in an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
In this instance , there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold increase . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , in fact , children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , tends to obscure their sympathies . (Filtered Words: 3)
For every rude word of Mr. [FILTERED]'s the family had five in apology . (Filtered Words: 1)
From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Utopians brace conscience with legal sanctions . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. Petersburg , Fla. , March 17 ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Emotionally it does not resemble Berlioz or Wagner ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is . (Filtered Words: 0)
A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to [FILTERED]'s left , but he , too , suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade . (Filtered Words: 1)
Concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt intense satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you hear me ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
On New Year's Eve , [FILTERED] drove him up the Hudson to [FILTERED] Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves . (Filtered Words: 2)
the landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer's `` rosy-fingered Dawn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A . (Filtered Words: 0)
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that [FILTERED] had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] received a promotion in his firm . (Filtered Words: 1)
Still , the sensation always surprised him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Why '' , he replied , `` it is perfectly simple ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Some make beautiful chairs , cabinets , chests , doll houses , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors . (Filtered Words: 0)
One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five came up while [FILTERED] was listening to The [FILTERED] and he neglected to play , a loss of ten dollars . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Where have you been all these years '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Another woman , addressing Christmas cards , said to her husband : `` We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up . (Filtered Words: 1)
today , 85% is in plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no such thing as an `` emergency telephone building fund drive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The research team was very mindful of these dangers and limitations of a mail questionnaire . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of his favorites : `` Guitar Boogie '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N. nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train , and the subject of The Nation came up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic , but not realistic . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at Longue Vue , but her bathing suits were far from smart . (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , in giving school grades or in making recommendations for the award of a college scholarship , does he consciously or unconsciously favor students of one or another social class ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick . (Filtered Words: 0)
She didn't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance , where she wasn't marked as what she was . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern psychology has shown that paralleling `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the bigoted personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did you do with them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The house was modern , large , on five acres . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water skiis , life jackets , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre . (Filtered Words: 0)
theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
These polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . (Filtered Words: 0)
and even putting it that way would not prove that [FILTERED] was anything but wrong . (Filtered Words: 1)
Turning his back , [FILTERED] crossed to the stall , reached over to untie the buckskin's halter rope , and waved his hand in the animal's face . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Among them are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mrs. [FILTERED] Vickery . (Filtered Words: 3)
In poultry judging , blues were won by [FILTERED] of Tualatin , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro , [FILTERED] of Hillsboro and [FILTERED] of Tigard . (Filtered Words: 5)
He hasn't played too much , because Richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men , orators preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] with and [FILTERED] with were the only Pirates dragging their feet . (Filtered Words: 2)
She was sitting on the edge of the bed again , back in the same position where the snake had found her . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last there was a void no one could fill . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . (Filtered Words: 0)
in 1960 , we granted 334 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What happened '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness . (Filtered Words: 1)
The concert opened with another big romantic score , Schumann's Overture to `` Manfred '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have your paper horn clutched in your big , craggy fist , and for your entrance you have planned a noisy , colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants . (Filtered Words: 0)
Autocollimator . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long . (Filtered Words: 0)
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chiggers were a common pest along streams and where gardens and berries thrived ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
They were both painters , ( They were ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is some reality to this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , [FILTERED] had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' Private Jenkins Lloyd Jones of the Wisconsin Light Artillery wrote in his diary : `` I strolled among the Alabamans on the right , found some of the greenest specimens of humanity I think in the universe , their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon . (Filtered Words: 0)
She exclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was , of course , in the House for a very long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Put this man and woman asunder '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have become amateur insurance experts and fine-feathered yard birds . (Filtered Words: 0)
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The legislators decided to `` liberate '' Dartmouth and entered into a tug-o'-war with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be 2.0 , assuming the five classes were equal in n , which approximately they are . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then there was a bad delay in getting [FILTERED] 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let Af denote the form of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I went for my interview with the director I saw why . (Filtered Words: 0)
the instrumentalities follow . (Filtered Words: 0)
along the [FILTERED] and among the Carpathians , in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
With childlike innocence she wrote of the Indians as `` walking with fruit and umbrellas in their hands , with the tawny children around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery . (Filtered Words: 0)
It always came on , faithfully , just like a radio or juke box , whenever he started to worry too much about something , when the bad things tried to push their way into him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents , who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled off-stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her poise and posture . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas ovens . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would hear about it . (Filtered Words: 1)
But you aren't exactly the model of a surveyor , you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is chalked up for the intrinsic , objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material . (Filtered Words: 0)
But no President ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as [FILTERED] recently quoted President [FILTERED] as doing in conversation with Sen. [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 3)
Parker certainly had much more of an influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a very tempting offer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge [FILTERED] , who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction . (Filtered Words: 1)
As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , I had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
One false move on his part and he would be a dead man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] decided to remain with the Reverend and poor [FILTERED] until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. [FILTERED] was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Winsett is a quiet street with no taverns and was completely deserted at that hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Cambridge , Palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O Gogol , O [FILTERED] , O Thackeray and [FILTERED] , what would you have made of a bomb shelter ornamented with four plaster-of-Paris ducks , a birdbath , and three composition gnomes with long beards and red mobcaps '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
The only area in which American boys hold their own is the baseball throw . (Filtered Words: 0)
But his only hat was something else again . (Filtered Words: 0)
To me , the explanation is very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to dissuade the soldiers from their purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the combined efficiency of the elements replaced by the two fiber plates ( with a combined efficiency of 0.25 ) is 0.043 or about six times less than that of the two fiber plates . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force . (Filtered Words: 0)
The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole , [FILTERED] whipped into his second shot . (Filtered Words: 1)
They must be freezing up there now . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Anniston manager looked at [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
What future holds (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category . (Filtered Words: 0)
The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its editors only knew of one example to point to , a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by [FILTERED] in the March , 1950 issue . (Filtered Words: 1)
We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out of the tent at the company street . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
These were Oneida Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Convulsively , he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator [FILTERED] , crimsoning the frilly shirt and waistcoat the politician wore . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There's a reason for this length of stay . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going someplace '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's mad at the world '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
He took a long but carefully controlled draught . (Filtered Words: 0)
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arms plot charged (Filtered Words: 0)
Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects . (Filtered Words: 0)
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to pack the saddlebags . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in Berlin ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ogden , Utah , May 1 -- ( AP ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives , and that may have been the workings of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Protection from fire (Filtered Words: 0)
The Hostage ( closed ) , by Ireland's [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said , pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next day , reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eli Corault ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But not any more . (Filtered Words: 0)
The value derived was 16 microseconds . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and [FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess that's it . (Filtered Words: 1)
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . (Filtered Words: 0)
The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
How do they turn out later '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] clattered down the high steps to the street . (Filtered Words: 1)
All those dumb 8-Balls croaked . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bienville , who returned to succeed [FILTERED] in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old shipmate . (Filtered Words: 0)
The materials (Filtered Words: 0)
which is precisely what , and where , he is , and is the reason he walks in twos and threes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not recognize it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rivers of cold sweat were suddenly unleashed within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis . (Filtered Words: 0)
You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did . (Filtered Words: 0)
that old customs which inhibited trade be abrogated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't leave the party ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears . (Filtered Words: 0)
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now look , there's work to be done and lots of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And do you really think that the world outside Poland will care any more than we do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Holy Mary , Mother of God , Star of the Sea , stay [FILTERED] with me on this next dive . (Filtered Words: 1)
Modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is from this unpromising background that the fictional private detective was recruited . (Filtered Words: 0)
He kissed her also , and with deep tenderness . (Filtered Words: 0)
One factor was the statement of Senator [FILTERED] ( D ) of Arkansas , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then she fell asleep again as soddenly as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper . (Filtered Words: 1)
The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation . (Filtered Words: 0)
new industrial uses for raw , semi-processed and waste , materials ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And he collapsed and died instantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Power . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability . (Filtered Words: 0)
The examples were plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion , as he once did . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` bookies '' , illegal gambling dens , a certain `` residential club for young actresses '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as [FILTERED] was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-[FILTERED] buying was pushed into March . (Filtered Words: 1)
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data . (Filtered Words: 0)
But perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan , that man's ambition when linked with God would be a driving , indefatigable force for good in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He helped [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . (Filtered Words: 2)
The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear , fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on the Via D. Teatro Di Marcello at the foot of the Capitoline Hill . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not pulling your leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as tenacious of life as the Hardshell Baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
For wasp stings onion juice , obtained by scraping an onion , gave quick relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , Idje , you fella like tabac '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Regrets attack (Filtered Words: 0)
The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained . (Filtered Words: 0)
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . (Filtered Words: 0)
) She has since turned to Bellini , whose opera `` Beatrice Di Tenda '' in a concert version with the American Opera Society introduced her to New York last season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council in its publication once commented : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss [FILTERED] took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers . (Filtered Words: 1)
Producer [FILTERED] should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Religious activities (Filtered Words: 0)
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception . (Filtered Words: 0)
her arms were straining with a burden of dolls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back in the house a hoodlum named [FILTERED] , sore because [FILTERED] had been allowed to leave unscathed , jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then . (Filtered Words: 2)
When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide origin/destination study of the Department of Public Works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys . (Filtered Words: 0)
And getting them seemed a life's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
I saw `` Fiorello ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But it seems that this `` electronic brain '' wasn't `` programmed '' correctly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the Polaris and B70 programs , strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command , and improved battlefield surveillance systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department . (Filtered Words: 0)
own pride and humility . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simultaneously , males or drones are produced , mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers , although a few may be produced by the queen . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The men behind them were [FILTERED] and five of his gang -- every man a killer . (Filtered Words: 1)
And many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one whole week he never let her stay alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is one thing I know ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake cursed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Aunt Howe were the witnesses '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months , the Government reported . (Filtered Words: 0)
Necessity for an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked , contemptuously ignored . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before then , my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some guys bothered me '' , [FILTERED] has said . (Filtered Words: 1)
To the middle of September 1918 , there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the adult world , there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the adolescent's search for meaning during this particular identity crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am so happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
San Francisco , Calif. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That's where device quackery can lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
They poured water over their catcher's face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining . (Filtered Words: 0)
A third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He rummaged , found composers and arrangers , collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians , ballad singers , and musicologists . (Filtered Words: 0)
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . (Filtered Words: 0)
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any harm in that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But that indictment was never made . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
Set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl . (Filtered Words: 0)
And after several correspondents went into [FILTERED] territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , they said General [FILTERED] was going to jump over his horse's head ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Cattle were said to be `` potted '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' durin' a storm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue no. 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aubrey's mention of it ( 2:67 , and Bodleian MS Aubr. 8 , F. 63 ) comes from this prolusion , through [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Oh , could it be ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But that's what he told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the onion decayed , so did the wart . (Filtered Words: 0)
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everyone held his or her breath . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] fits that description '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was enjoying the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , P , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant . (Filtered Words: 0)
They also called upon [FILTERED] with a request for a look at her passport . (Filtered Words: 1)
Is this site available ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-human sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits . (Filtered Words: 0)
She shook her head . (Filtered Words: 0)
At dawn Argiento went to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
They are willing to settle , however , in anything that offers pheasants to shoot at and peasants to work at . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . (Filtered Words: 0)
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending . (Filtered Words: 0)
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status . (Filtered Words: 0)
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to England through the `` Furious Overfall '' was again filling with ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a Christmas service , I've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Murray Co. of Texas , Inc. , originated in Dallas in 1896 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party at [FILTERED]'s penthouse gave the `` chorines '' a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense . (Filtered Words: 1)
Read the moderately brief text , not for captions , sometimes for tart epigrams , once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor . (Filtered Words: 1)
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the rake angle **yc of the knife is high enough and the friction angle **yt between the front of the knife and the back of the chip is low enough to give a positive value for Af , the resultant vector R will lie above the plane of the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
In painting a fresco , the handling of wet mortar compels one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right , not to spoil yesterday's work with today's plastering . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Sparky can rack and single-foot and he's the fastest thing in Washoe County . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he would sleep , sleep , and never think of roads and horses' sore haunches , of colonial wars . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first was that America had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- a second-rate military power . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a waitress , the police , and an intruding government tutor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The anti-slavery movement took many forms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red China is trying to do this , and she is not likely ever to succeed . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1965 , several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They export cotton ginning machinery . (Filtered Words: 0)
She turned and began to walk toward the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Getting to and from school was no problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1938 , at the insistence of [FILTERED] , Steinberg left Germany for the United States , by way of Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 1)
He found it in the edition of May 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers had not followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life . (Filtered Words: 0)
packing efficiency ( F.R. ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The House communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both hated [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Madison once remarked : `` My life has been so much a public one '' , a comment which fits the careers of the other six . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- After 52 rainless days , moisture finally came to Del Mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this is standard equipment for a man of your day ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Available , on request , from U.S. Department of Agriculture , Washington 25 , D.C. , are : Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development ( Circular No. 44 ) , and The Cooperative Farm Credit System ( Circular No. 36-A ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Social and recreational activities (Filtered Words: 0)
She swung around . (Filtered Words: 0)
One cannot read the records of scientists , officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , throughout the South , there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met . (Filtered Words: 0)
De Groot and Carvalho , 1960 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams , sponsored by grocers and hardware merchants or department stores , that played two or three times a week throughout the summer , usually in the cool of the evening , before an earnest and partisan audience who did not begrudge a quarter each , or even more , to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over . (Filtered Words: 0)
And yet amid all the gay hedonism in [FILTERED] And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems , `` Thoughts In Loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Telephone wires from Louis Dufresne's house in East Manchester to the Dufresne lumber job near Bourn Pond were up about 1895 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All right '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory , without need to consult his sketches . (Filtered Words: 0)
and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you know these women go all through Alaska , and they don't have the proper facilities ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake . (Filtered Words: 0)
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later , the maid greeted them quietly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even so astute a commentator as [FILTERED] of The Nation has said that `` Waiting For Godot '' is `` the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
That helped a lot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
My husband enters the motel office , signs up for a room , and then solemnly asks the proprieter if he accepts pets . (Filtered Words: 0)
residential at $278,877,000 , up 12 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But court adjourned after he testified he introduced [FILTERED] and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of [FILTERED]'s and Poussin's way of filling space . (Filtered Words: 1)
After making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production may fall far below expectations . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , as shown in Chapter 6 , , some SNP females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence , through the aid of , and their identification with , alter-parents . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection . (Filtered Words: 0)
no description of the client or his cultural level , no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities -- simply `` a luxury apartment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The actual function of patristic communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a millenium before More wrote Utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction . (Filtered Words: 0)
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge [FILTERED] in federal District court . (Filtered Words: 1)
Insurance (Filtered Words: 0)
The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column , but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road . (Filtered Words: 1)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so do the prostitutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since . (Filtered Words: 0)
The outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the Bible as the Word of God inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our Lord Jesus Christ as the only begotten Son of God , Son of Man by the Virgin Mary , the Saviour of the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elementary school desegregation came to Owen and Union Counties , which already had high school desegregation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number [FILTERED] , attached the electronic bug to the rear bumper and walked out . (Filtered Words: 1)
the student will certainly want to explore more deeply into the fascinating study of immature individuals , struggling to meet their developmental needs , and at the same time trying to learn the rules of the game in the ever-expanding number of groups in which they hold membership . (Filtered Words: 0)
Motive -- her husband wandering ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa'd been shit-sick in that pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
She is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publication and distribution : (Filtered Words: 0)
So , alive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the streetcar was late . (Filtered Words: 0)
More he could take at leisure . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was some freak , two strands of adhesive tape across his nose , like ugly roots from the mass of gauze , suddenly moist over his cheekbones . (Filtered Words: 0)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty said the same words more loudly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The authorities had to release him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no longer a way of life for the bearded logger and the wandering cowboy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lines are asymmetric and over the range of field Af gauss and temperature Af the asymmetry increases with increasing Af and decreasing T . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the University of Washington Medical School , the electronics group has developed the `` Respiratory Gas Analyzer '' shown in Fig. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It heard [FILTERED] twice and his lawyer , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , once . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Stay right here where you are , kid '' , he called . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer . (Filtered Words: 0)
A breakdown of the ten-month total showed : (Filtered Words: 0)
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] crumbled the script in his fist . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` holds '' the local until the express passengers change trains . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it took the pictures of the Migs and the T-34 tanks to do the job . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year , said that his private practice was not lucrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
We did it for three days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The deodorant firm run by Pesce has offices in the headquarters of Glimco's discredited taxi drivers' union at 1213-15 Blue Island Av. . (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , turning on what was meant to be charm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Government , deeming these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of Du Pont's shares of General Motors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . (Filtered Words: 0)
during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without saying so , she was really grateful ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the dispute between Parker and the society of his time , both ecclesiastical and social , was a real one , a bitter one . (Filtered Words: 0)
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under [FILTERED]'s guidance . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` cult of adjustment '' does exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stormy Dream , p , 2:01.3 , Demon Abbe , p , 2:02 , Dundeen B. , 4 , 2:04.2 , Claudia's Song , 3 , 2:06.3 , and ( [FILTERED] , 4 , 2:02.2 have been in 2:25 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He could pick up another pack on his way home , if he were going home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Catherwood , an architect in New York , had been forgotten , like [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs , for a museum , a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones . (Filtered Words: 2)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it was inevitable ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
State aid to schools , the continuance of railroad passenger service , the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority , and making New Jersey attractive to new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the historian was convinced of his own correctness , then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that's worse than sad . (Filtered Words: 0)
and a special Bulletin in June . (Filtered Words: 0)
The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Roads and trails (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans , if they had been in power , would have made `` amateurish and monumental blunders '' in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the age of ten , when he was working as a newsboy in the Loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . (Filtered Words: 0)
He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera , where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdi's Falstaff . (Filtered Words: 0)
On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is up to the Assembly to take action against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
She made me welcome . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] went taut : was it possible ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If he would only leave the East '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
St. John 36 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had kept his eyes down throughout the game , the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears . (Filtered Words: 1)
He spit . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested . (Filtered Words: 0)
A proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of Polk's Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at Dalton . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , of course , had never heard of a kotowaza , or Japanese proverb , which says , `` Tanin yori miuchi '' , and is literally translated as `` Relatives are better than strangers '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
In their views on dating , courtship , sex , and family life , our students prefer what they are expected to prefer . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
the landscape of Greek history broadens widely , and rather abruptly , in the eighth century B.C. , the age of Homer's `` rosy-fingered Dawn '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one cartoon a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's handbag and my wife's behind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are not all great artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues . (Filtered Words: 0)
One social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its 13.5 million people , exactly 14 university graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 54,320 copies of fascicles sold and 642 copies distributed free during this period . (Filtered Words: 0)
two daughters , Mrs. [FILTERED] and Miss [FILTERED] , both of [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some happy reason [FILTERED] , Ionic , and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind . (Filtered Words: 1)
but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread . (Filtered Words: 0)
His adventurous spirit had waned ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
We expected , in short , that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple , from such a position , to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early interest (Filtered Words: 0)
Last Friday the White House announced : (Filtered Words: 0)
Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
In France , novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted . (Filtered Words: 0)
She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is [FILTERED] boite A Musique . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But the third ship came back several years ago and reported '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps [FILTERED] had guessed already and kept her counsel . (Filtered Words: 1)
And please it did , in every sense of the word , for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of London audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River , a small and dirty stream . (Filtered Words: 1)
We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago , in the Easter holidays , with her at one of those awful Friday Evening Dancing Class parties her mother had made her attend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Absolution for his lie ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Sales of TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aye-yah-ah-ah '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had had a dignity about her , even barefoot and almost too tan . (Filtered Words: 0)
But a nigger . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why are you out here all by yourself ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] of [FILTERED] was her sister's maid of honor , and [FILTERED] of San Angelo was best man . (Filtered Words: 3)
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long . (Filtered Words: 0)
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
And it was his main present ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I can hardly wait '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recreation facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom , he could drop a slip or a brassiere , or maybe a girdle , next to his shorts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maggie laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . (Filtered Words: 1)
The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . (Filtered Words: 0)
A road had to be hacked through trackless forests between Hanover and Portsmouth to permit Governor [FILTERED] and a company of gentlemen to attend the first Dartmouth commencement in 1771 . (Filtered Words: 1)
many of us in public relations were flattered that [FILTERED] chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association . (Filtered Words: 1)
In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had ruffled her own feathers , of course ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what we would have done if [FILTERED] hadn't come to town . (Filtered Words: 1)
You need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the pecs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Substances : (Filtered Words: 0)
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove , now that I know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Bonner departed , still full of ill will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's wrong at state (Filtered Words: 0)
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here I do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence , if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and they censured parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards did not look at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
For by grace you have been saved through faith ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Breathing -- electronically analyzed (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Last year ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee . (Filtered Words: 0)
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Democratic Floor Leader [FILTERED] would have no part of the measure . (Filtered Words: 1)
By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see them in my sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
Siebern hits homer (Filtered Words: 0)
The difficulties of trade had ruined many voyageurs , and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear half-blood families . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored . (Filtered Words: 1)
And a blaring final chord from the jazz group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Routine determinations were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates . (Filtered Words: 0)
And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The other occupants were [FILTERED] , 18 , of 963 Ponce De Leon Ave. , NE , and [FILTERED] , 19 , of 704 [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruises . (Filtered Words: 4)
[FILTERED] evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts , but he was learning fast . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But surely you have misunderstood Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
) other deductions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard , and [FILTERED] had been in and out of Georgia Tech and [FILTERED] and part of the time had been a self-help student . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` Not where he's froze good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If he can't play with [FILTERED]'s magazines , he should have some old numbers of his own . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is in Birmingham , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 1)
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap , and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt , its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost . (Filtered Words: 0)
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . (Filtered Words: 0)
others were of men doffing their hats to each other , carrying umbrellas with pomp , reading newspapers , or simply showing loaves of bread spread out . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ) , and he was surprised at a resurgence of an affectionate feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
When typical reaction cells to which 0.3 of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated , chlorine and phosgene were produced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method , today , thanks to new catalysts , they can be produced by a one-shot technique . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size . (Filtered Words: 0)
If [FILTERED] retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . (Filtered Words: 1)
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
) 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's a nice guy '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Well ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you think about [FILTERED] contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
This sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . (Filtered Words: 0)
To his Harvard colleague , [FILTERED] , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , [FILTERED] could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one cannot escape the suspicion that all this non-stop harping on the misdeeds of the long liquidated `` anti-party '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to Khrushchev on vital doctrinal grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation . (Filtered Words: 0)
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a dominating conviction of the Truth and about which I have not a shadow of doubt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gilborn stood there for a long time . (Filtered Words: 0)
This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` This is a poor boy's bill '' , said Chapman . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of nonstop format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling . (Filtered Words: 0)
A contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
See the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds . (Filtered Words: 0)
only -- it did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pardon me , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fought it , seeking to kill the last few words , but on they came out . (Filtered Words: 0)
one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in which the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a prominent industrialist , you ought to be interested in his nibs' support group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] is a Fellow of the Foundation -- appointed thrice to assist his studies of [FILTERED] and of [FILTERED] -- and , before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly accolade , appointment to the Advisory Board . (Filtered Words: 3)
This is the end of the line '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37-degrees-C before centrifugation . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the first jazz he had heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures , an old dodge which is still good . (Filtered Words: 0)
And projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles , all trained on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 53-year-old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And your golden god '' , said [FILTERED] , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . (Filtered Words: 1)
I ask you all to support me in this . (Filtered Words: 0)
I hope [FILTERED] bought them whole '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The group is superbly trained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cowbird Myra ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have . (Filtered Words: 1)
and now , therefore , do I , [FILTERED] , Jr. , Governor of the State of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss [FILTERED] Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all [FILTERED] girls to participate . (Filtered Words: 3)
It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships , whether individually , socially or as between whole nations of people . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the end of the half-hour , racking his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Meltzer's voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the Kaddish , the prayer for the dead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Midwest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above , the glowing ivory baton of their searchlight pointed at the clouds , diluting the valley's dark to a pallid light . (Filtered Words: 0)
All I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had been right snippy ever since they were married , though you'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lime white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to preclude the use of ready-made gradations , so useful in decorative work . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , of course , is baseball's most remarkable mark : The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure , the incredible athlete , [FILTERED] ) Ruth of the Yankees . (Filtered Words: 1)
ordered an investigation of [FILTERED]'s death ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Australites ( tektites from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distance between where she stood and where [FILTERED] waited at the outside door was a hundred miles . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man , or , as [FILTERED] himself puts it , `` to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Behind the tragic hero stands the chorus , the crowd , or the observant courtier . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is awkward for everybody , isn't it , we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes . (Filtered Words: 0)
A British writer , [FILTERED] , in a book , Dead Men Tell Tales , recalls that in the turmoil preceding the French Revolution the body of [FILTERED] , , who had died nearly 180 years earlier , was torn to pieces by a mob . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` He was awake when I left '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet this passion for passion , now that I look back on it with passion spent , seems somewhat overblown and operatic , though as a diva Miss [FILTERED] perfectly controlled her notes . (Filtered Words: 1)
However , they were hostile to [FILTERED] , professing to believe in Judaism `` but in a moderate way '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fort up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack . (Filtered Words: 0)
You figure it out . (Filtered Words: 0)
A silence fell . (Filtered Words: 0)
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad . (Filtered Words: 0)
We define these values as Af , and define g{t} in the same way for each T . (Filtered Words: 0)
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted Chinese convention for all maps . (Filtered Words: 0)
The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such an operator is obviously the zero operator ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He had never spoken once to the awed sisters , but his son had been friendly , a big fellow of fifty or more , a fishing-boat captain and powerful like the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What were they doing here '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where is everybody '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Summertime supper , outside , is a natural . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sunday he had added , `` We can love [FILTERED] the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water was there , so much of it that it spread all through the dead orchard . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social control . (Filtered Words: 0)
My hair is what he's nuts about . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I appreciate the advice '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The coyote was calling again , and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it . (Filtered Words: 0)
coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had strength in his six-foot frame , but it was like the tensile steel in a rapier . (Filtered Words: 0)
That bastard Chambers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeking this two-year term are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 5)
Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cast : (Filtered Words: 0)
He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to Academicianship in 1940 . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just me '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
He got in the oil business out at Odessa and lucked into some money '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some offices have very broad responsibilities , touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat , polished surface , care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Press Secretary , [FILTERED] , was a child prodigy as a pianist . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is a highly speculative venture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
after the war back to the heir apparency of the steel company . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the fireplaces and an electric heater in [FILTERED]'s room . (Filtered Words: 1)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` On the other hand , Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon such hearing , the Commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim . (Filtered Words: 0)
also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man , the depravity of man , and the dignity of man . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing ABO and [FILTERED] antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose . (Filtered Words: 2)
She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual , on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year , to at least $6 billion . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
To see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom . (Filtered Words: 0)
These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of [FILTERED] the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun . (Filtered Words: 1)
an amusing character pas de cinq called `` Gossiping Women '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the homosexuals widely use marijuana , they do not have to be initiated . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` I got the message . (Filtered Words: 1)
The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by [FILTERED] , a member of the IRSAC staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of AIMO , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory . (Filtered Words: 1)
A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official American Catholic project ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( 5 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , your criticism of Attorney General [FILTERED] and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` We're not drunkards '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
most important to Patchen , he was a non-literary hero , and very contemporary . (Filtered Words: 0)
He promptly went to communist East Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Taking a personal interest , she had the doctor assigned to the White House , Dr. [FILTERED] , look [FILTERED] over . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] , like Beth March , suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now , everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The log was spinning . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , it seems axiomatic that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , equitably and with full regard for the disruptions which it inevitably causes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
To one and all -- Good Days ahead ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're Gavin's son '' , [FILTERED] had said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These have an upper-middle-class leadership and a middle-class membership , with rare exceptions , where working-class parents are active in local P.-T.A. matters . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , nestling in the doctor's arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and , in turn , the voice as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
The evening was not always spent in the same way . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and also Mr. [FILTERED] and Mr. [FILTERED] have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- [FILTERED] , for example , and [FILTERED] -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs . (Filtered Words: 4)
From the outside , it seemed no more than a low drumlin , a lump on the dark earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Never in my life have I felt so remorseful about anything I've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
If word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair consistence trans-lingually . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean this punk can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the figure moved on . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had watched [FILTERED] handling his enemies before the paredon . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would also probably mean different things within the same state -- depending upon what court ( state or federal ) rendered decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( 1803-1895 ) was especially active . (Filtered Words: 1)
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , [FILTERED] was attending the opening of a musical comedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] could hear [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen . (Filtered Words: 3)
He was determined to spend an industrious summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for , as will be shown below , it cuts across both facets of the new concept . (Filtered Words: 0)
In honor of the Wackers' new baby . (Filtered Words: 0)
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other Saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected American composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what section of the country are you located ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic . (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her ostensible destination . (Filtered Words: 0)
This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what [FILTERED] called Christian supernaturalism . (Filtered Words: 1)
Nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) measurements (Filtered Words: 0)
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . (Filtered Words: 0)
You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted [FILTERED] on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him . (Filtered Words: 1)
( See Chapter 15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Welch was on edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last count , sixteen former Rhodes Scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the Administration , second in number only to its Harvard graduates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I wouldn't be in his shoes for all the rice in China . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too . (Filtered Words: 0)
No novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some special health requirements might have to be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
I would like very much , on behalf of my husband and myself , to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the Gabrielle Fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . (Filtered Words: 0)
If , as [FILTERED] says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to [FILTERED] and making plans for another book of verse . (Filtered Words: 2)
Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Above all , he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier [FILTERED]'s doorstep . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fall of Rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hurry '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
A cylinder's compression ratio is computed by comparing the cylinder's volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people I met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] leaned forward ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were particularly impressive in their roles in `` The Duel '' , a work that depends so much upon the precision and incisiveness of the two principal combatants . (Filtered Words: 2)
For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W-region are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
a tiny cake of ice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look what those little European jobs are doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this case the stage R operating with conditions Af transforms the state of the stream from Af to Af , but only the probability distribution of Af is known . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the `` abuse '' he is being subjected to . (Filtered Words: 0)
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all I'm made of flesh and blood . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Nor Methodists , neither '' , she replied . (Filtered Words: 0)
He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below . (Filtered Words: 0)
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of [FILTERED] ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare . (Filtered Words: 1)
He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pulling strings (Filtered Words: 0)
And while less than ten years earlier the wayward Black Sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had toiled for stingy [FILTERED] at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year , stars now were asking ten thousand dollars , twenty thousand dollars , yes , even fifty thousand dollars a season . (Filtered Words: 1)
We were in business ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Photographing in the Northeast (Filtered Words: 0)
He was younger than Theresa : she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes , while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not unamused . (Filtered Words: 0)
He jumped . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom . (Filtered Words: 1)
These include low-temperature ethanol ( Cohn ) fractionation , electrophoresis , ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses . (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look , sweetheart , some fool was . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- In a physiochemical study of seed proteins , the globulins of the Brazil nut have been investigated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replace it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous dictators . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide . (Filtered Words: 0)
In particular , Governor [FILTERED] has expressed as cogently and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests . (Filtered Words: 1)
But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy . (Filtered Words: 0)
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only Mike got to his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was curious how the different visitors took this . (Filtered Words: 0)
My folks wouldn't dream of having alcohol in the house , so my first taste of it had been -- of course -- with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by [FILTERED] ( 1958 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
You were right '' , [FILTERED] exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of Carmer's hat . (Filtered Words: 1)
In discussing the process of communication , Loomis defines it as `` the process by which information , decisions , and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge , opinions , and attitudes are formed , or modified by interaction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly an inviting description . (Filtered Words: 0)
Form clay strip into a cylinder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It's simple enough from my point of view . (Filtered Words: 0)
But after the censure he and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not only is this kind of duplication wasteful , but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the New York Central and other railroads serving the area . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the quarrel I learned what the trouble was , from the accusations each hurled at the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
More splenetic was Senator [FILTERED] of Tennessee , a Parker man . (Filtered Words: 1)
approaching shore their masts appeared first . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who investigated , said the thieves broke in through the back door . (Filtered Words: 1)
It's the same with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was dirty and neglected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask Mr. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The moral aridity of merchants made them loyal usually to their ledgers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What brings you here again , Colonel [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Their names are [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , their team is the Yankees , and their threat is real . (Filtered Words: 2)
Somebody with no vices . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the budget message for 1959 , and again for 1960 , I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28 , 1951 ( 65 Stat. 365 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last October he gave a public speech in Washington , D.C. entitled `` Are Women Here To Stay '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Among them are [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Mrs. [FILTERED] Vickery . (Filtered Words: 3)
The man most firmly at grips with the problem is the University of Minnesota's Physiologist Ancel [FILTERED]eys , 57 , inventor of the wartime [FILTERED] ( for [FILTERED]eys ) ration and author of last year's bestselling Eat Well And Stay Well . (Filtered Words: 2)
For almost 3,000 years Europe and Asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , we will see how Sidney answered the charges , for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to [FILTERED] , his arguments do support the new theater . (Filtered Words: 1)
His purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even so [FILTERED] could not give up her intellectual pursuits . (Filtered Words: 1)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off . (Filtered Words: 0)
The clerk paid them no attention . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] swung the pistol in a savage backlash . (Filtered Words: 1)
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had sold oil stock to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in person ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
They had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed . (Filtered Words: 0)
When he charged [FILTERED] was ready . (Filtered Words: 1)
My mother was beside herself with curiosity . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were aesthetic problems as well as political . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Command post was underground , and well camouflaged . (Filtered Words: 0)
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chinese , North Vietnamese and North Koreans , on the other hand , feel that , militarily , Russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with China attacking Formosa and the North Koreans and North Vietnamese liberating the southern half of their respective countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day was brilliant around her -- flower-scented , crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it . (Filtered Words: 0)
As it is written , There is not one just man ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Already the city was filled with Barbudos , the bearded , war-dirty Revolutionaries , carrying carbines , waving to the crowds that lined the Prado . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( A ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( B ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late Monday afternoon when the list sank to a hoped-for `` support level '' represented by around 675 in the Dow Jones industrial average . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I insist , hard to define the [FILTERED] contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep . (Filtered Words: 1)
An entire theater had been set up for his diversion , with a 200-man Italian orchestra under the well-known Sarti . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mollusks are a case in point . (Filtered Words: 0)
We wish to show that the range of Af is exactly the subspace Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid , ha , ha '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If T is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a monic polynomial P such that Af , then parts ( A ) and ( B ) of Theorem 12 are valid for T with the proof which we gave . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am so happy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand . (Filtered Words: 0)
They're not going to laugh at the Fairbrothers and Labans very long ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you play hard today then . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Okay , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
But don't try to stop me , either '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , [FILTERED] 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Symphony Of The Air , greatly assisted by [FILTERED] , last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I will . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No rest of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The playing takes both sides of the disc . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession . (Filtered Words: 1)
An ivory tablet in the infant's cask recounts the story of his sinful origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a monastery in the fishing village . (Filtered Words: 0)
B . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such as now , when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the Officers' Club , having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until dinnertime . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may reclaim your property , and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach . (Filtered Words: 0)
Channel-type , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
To see this , consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
As violently as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
Analysis (Filtered Words: 0)
But there was no definite agreement about business arrangements '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A suggestion Hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of `` normal '' reactions different from those which they gave . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his pari-mutuel tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the gutters near Belmont and Saratoga . (Filtered Words: 0)
except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that `` the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sentimental pure heart of [FILTERED] is gone with the knightly years , but I still believe in the heart of the [FILTERED] character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
the doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , exhaling , looked up across the aisle , the whole aviary in my head burst into song . (Filtered Words: 0)
red-and-yellow columbines whose round-tipped spurs were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man had a bubble to himself , privacy after the long period of enforced intimacy on board the ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
Hal felt sorry for [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
On the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will . (Filtered Words: 0)
Editor's note : Sir [FILTERED] wrote , on page 50 of SR Research for 4 March 1961 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Even [FILTERED] may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as [FILTERED] in Donizetti's `` [FILTERED] Di Lammermoor '' Sunday night . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is not out of keeping with its origins , probably the most humble of any in the Ivy group . (Filtered Words: 0)
It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's nests . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation . (Filtered Words: 0)
They blame us for all their troubles . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we don't think she creates them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among arrests reported by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959 , about half for burglary and larceny involved persons under 18 years of age . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like his late colleague , [FILTERED] , he reads mystery stories , in particular Sir [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable book-lined room . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' This , for the liberals I know , would be an understatement . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away . (Filtered Words: 1)
Directly opposite is the emperor's door , through which they entered the building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
There weren't facilities to take care of them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystack '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty . (Filtered Words: 0)
At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant . (Filtered Words: 0)
But she didn't sound real alarmed you know , like there was any immediate danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The lab to check . (Filtered Words: 0)
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , backed up by [FILTERED] who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the Birds had all last year , but [FILTERED] is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant . (Filtered Words: 3)
Others carried pemmican from `` the Forks '' to St. Paul and goods from St. Paul to Red River , as in the summer of 1847 when one trader , Wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the British settlement . (Filtered Words: 0)
This further demonstration of O'Banion's ballooning power did not please [FILTERED] and Capone . (Filtered Words: 1)
This ignorant estimate , I repeat , is not of any interest in itself ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
but as the temperature rose , the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
at any rate , heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes , and fused the K'ang-si pottery to cinders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual continuities . (Filtered Words: 0)
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , the shift to a uniform July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But that's what he told me . (Filtered Words: 0)
His advisers in the Politburo ( White House ) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions , so he is not always consistent . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt intense satisfaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outwardly , Ciudad Trujillo is calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad , and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school . (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Corporal [FILTERED] has alreadeh said it didn make no diffrunce t'hi-im '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U. S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He's a friend . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from God , and that Jesus Christ , the Son of God , came to earth , the representative Head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives Christ as his personal [FILTERED] is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , appetites , and affections , destined to live and grow in His likeness forever . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sunday he had added , `` We can love [FILTERED] the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in [FILTERED] and [FILTERED]'s gristmill on the West Branch in Factory Point . (Filtered Words: 2)
There's no other way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What's the rest of your name '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category . (Filtered Words: 0)
as [FILTERED] says to the crowd in his last moments : `` His justice is not of this world '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Soon her purring rivaled the chirping of the tree crickets , rivaled the hum of voices from inside the Pod . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two were going to be easy pickins . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cagey [FILTERED] , who spoke no English , had taken the passport so that [FILTERED] couldn't leave the country without his approval . (Filtered Words: 2)
She asked Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 0)
the unoriginals (Filtered Words: 0)
Faust rescuing [FILTERED] from Menelaus' vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition . (Filtered Words: 1)
Virginia treated him with attention and tried to tempt his appetite with special food : biscuits , cookies , candies -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it . (Filtered Words: 1)
He felt good . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff's swivel chair tilted back . (Filtered Words: 0)
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 42-inch width leaves very little waste . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , the man was not drunk (Filtered Words: 0)
To live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate . (Filtered Words: 0)
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This was generally reflected in the civil laws of Christian countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any harm in that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology , however , it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else . (Filtered Words: 0)
How literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as well as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
The industry (Filtered Words: 0)
At that point [FILTERED] came into the picture . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The child was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
A salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully healthful addition to a meal , but add an avocado and you have something really special . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , the innovations of bop , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that ignoramus , the intellectual jitterbug , the jazz aficionado . (Filtered Words: 0)
So here it was , here was Italy , anyway , and terribly noisy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pulsing glow of a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seats on square (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] did just that . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Table covers and towels were clean , ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Will the hotel rent it so soon after the crime '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A trial of strength , however , is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by Maecker ( Ref. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pain in itself was neutral ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I studied [FILTERED] closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thornburg patted his arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , however , cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard , and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the contingent . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were no [FILTERED] fighter squadrons on [FILTERED] airfield . (Filtered Words: 2)
With one down in the eighth , [FILTERED] drew a walk and stole second as [FILTERED] fanned Tuttle . (Filtered Words: 2)
Shunted aside by the rampant organizers for [FILTERED] last year , who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign , the CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You what , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The x-ray data did not permit [FILTERED] to determine uniquely the space group , but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry . (Filtered Words: 1)
The sound was coming nearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now reassemble the frame , using Af roundhead steel screws and nuts . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . (Filtered Words: 0)
In there aren't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . (Filtered Words: 0)
Individual help best (Filtered Words: 0)
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never penalized ) , whose children had no unhappy romances , whose names never knew scandal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A fat hell on Big Hans . (Filtered Words: 0)
One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished Af closet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foods for rear stations , which require cooking , but no refrigeration , are also of interest . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told him no , that I had had a very happy childhood . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously . (Filtered Words: 0)
To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to [FILTERED] , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen . (Filtered Words: 0)
he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , the analyticity of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist . (Filtered Words: 0)
All were carrying guns they had seized up , but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot be content with the anecdotal small talk of a somewhat unusual travelogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loans will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance . (Filtered Words: 0)
But this year prospects may be better . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again what has happened is an all-consuming confabulation of the incidentals , the accidents of painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew that his God would save him from his enemies because He had saved him from his sins . (Filtered Words: 0)
Members of The Algol staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board . (Filtered Words: 0)
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You may say this has little pertinence , but , gentlemen , remember that all this prepared my mind , alerted my intelligence . (Filtered Words: 0)
And there was a house ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His energy was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nate '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He strode to answer the bell . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who was stationed in Appleton , Wisconsin , organizing for the Social Democrats , was in [FILTERED]'s office and made it his business to escort [FILTERED] to the streetcar . (Filtered Words: 3)
The first part of the road was steep , but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] impressive (Filtered Words: 1)
The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Your Daddy's in San Francisco '' , she told them . (Filtered Words: 0)
At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Canada doesn't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem , but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . (Filtered Words: 0)
The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , helpfully , as she merely stared at him in weary silence , `` Maybe you could write it down for me , huh ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily , hoping it would make an impression on the women : `` This one is the maku Frayne . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before his mind had rounded out the idea , he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) '' (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What train does Mr. [FILTERED] come out on '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Would not the children , if they received all their food on the first day of the month , eat it up immediately , and later go hungry ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , high school senior from Verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and [FILTERED] of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . (Filtered Words: 2)
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre . (Filtered Words: 0)
What was the list ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners . (Filtered Words: 0)
We simply can't tolerate further Russian weapons , including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles , being located in Cuba . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish you wouldn't tell [FILTERED] I'm lukewarm ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's okay , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
During summers , business was so brisk that Mrs. [FILTERED] had two assistants and a messenger . (Filtered Words: 1)
they must be free of oil , wax and dust . (Filtered Words: 0)
ordered an investigation of [FILTERED]'s death ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
taxing of boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
On her way to the airport , on her way to Paris -- you bet , [FILTERED] said to herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , it wasn't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another , and weren't they always emphasizing that they really didn't know what they would do without Theresa ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
To form spout , between two designs , dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward . (Filtered Words: 0)
DA , DC , DTF , and DLINE require more than one entry . (Filtered Words: 0)
This error was compounded by declaring the recession to be `` a statistical one '' , and not a reality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally come those little flicks of a rigger brush and the job is done . (Filtered Words: 0)
The specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few thick-walled cells in the xylem region , but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo laughed , slung the rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents . (Filtered Words: 0)
Specialty cooked items containing meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization . (Filtered Words: 0)
6 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Five came up while [FILTERED] was listening to The [FILTERED] and he neglected to play , a loss of ten dollars . (Filtered Words: 2)
Among the [FILTERED] specialists of some years ago , [FILTERED] tried to humanize some of the clowns , while [FILTERED] , often performing at the [FILTERED] , made them more gross than [FILTERED] may have intended . (Filtered Words: 5)
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders , she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didn't stop . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plans vary from the `` talking stage '' to establishing special committees to accomplish this end . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter , shave , clean out a barn , read a newspaper , than a man of thirty ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the [FILTERED] administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature . (Filtered Words: 1)
Did I start the damn war ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1961 , these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion , compared to $19.3 billion in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate indwelling of Christ in His people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each man , that is , is both one and many . (Filtered Words: 0)
unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador [FILTERED] brought back to Russia late in February . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pioneers ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : (Filtered Words: 0)
The arc voltage was measured with a voltmeter whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man . (Filtered Words: 0)
My [FILTERED] applied to six colleges before he got in '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
You're up against it anyhow . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus T is not diagonalizable . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] insisted . (Filtered Words: 1)
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The various forces result from the reaction of the removed paint chip against the face of the knife and along the shear plane , which makes an angle **yf with the substrate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now [FILTERED] , for instance , was not too long on sympathy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time . (Filtered Words: 0)
The element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the calorimetric heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I feel fine ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
By the next morning , she had turned the paper over . (Filtered Words: 0)
A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had crossed the river which now , beyond the woods yonder , was sliding darkly under the mist . (Filtered Words: 0)
Slowly she turned to face the men again . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another , longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth . (Filtered Words: 0)
All week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews . (Filtered Words: 0)
The road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The most important of these found him in agreement with Hough's plea for reform . (Filtered Words: 0)
As promptly as [FILTERED] , O'Banion jumped into bootlegging . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This is where I get my information from '' , he confided . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out of the tent at the company street . (Filtered Words: 0)
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification , we ought to dispense with churches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meynell once again paid his debts and it was [FILTERED] , rather than Thompson , whose life was soon ended , for she died in childbirth in April , 1901 , in the first year of her marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
It appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of Southern friends . (Filtered Words: 0)
This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : Af ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The congruence of its secants is therefore of order Af and class Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches , subsidiaries , or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as [FILTERED] military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went . (Filtered Words: 0)
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis . (Filtered Words: 0)
His sudden unannounced appearance at the Borden home was strange in that he did not carry an iota of baggage with him , although he clearly intended to stay overnight , if not longer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Itching skin , considered `` just nerves '' , was eased by treating with whiskey and salt . (Filtered Words: 0)
His singing was strong and musical ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
She is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Always '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes : `` So we are married -- now how do we make the best of it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em . (Filtered Words: 0)
He , with fifteen or twenty horses or mares or geldings or what-nots out there in the barn , was reverent only of `` the Mare '' , `` the Racin' Mare '' , the revolting Gunny . (Filtered Words: 0)
Especially touching is the chapter , `` The Little Sister '' , about a king's daughter who became a nun in the convent of St. Birgitta . (Filtered Words: 0)
The announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by City Solicitor [FILTERED] at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with Wagner and other officials of the city and the PTC as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the El project before its completion in 1959 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bridget was born in Ireland , one of fourteen children . (Filtered Words: 0)
and again , that `` the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war -- namely , to demoralize the opponent , to break his will , to destroy his confidence , enthusiasm , and hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to information related to the file and its records , the File Specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace , with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon , cast a spell of delight . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name is [FILTERED] , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and physiognomy in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those enigmatic strangers in `` Death In Venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of cadaver , exotic , and psychopomp . (Filtered Words: 1)
These people were not talking much about it , but you , a foreigner , sensed their apprehension and disappointment . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the doctor , dressed and ready for the expedition to the market , and [FILTERED] was obliged to prepare himself in haste . (Filtered Words: 1)
Exactly 2 times ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I am equally impatient with the shrug of the shoulder , shake of the head of those who no longer care because they have known it for so long ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fog hung over the route constantly . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't expect you until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are determined to prove something . (Filtered Words: 0)
If it is not one of his best books , it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The pond is currently serving 1,230 persons or 260 persons per acre . (Filtered Words: 0)
To one and all -- Good Days ahead ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Opportunities for Christian service (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody returned after intermission for the miscellaneous sweepings of the Fantasy For Piano , Chorus , And [FILTERED] In C Minor , made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs . (Filtered Words: 1)
The show has been to Boston and Manhattan , will in time reach Pittsburgh and Minneapolis . (Filtered Words: 0)
but he believed in the Jew-as-enemy in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once it was , [FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand [FILTERED] words with an equal number of American words . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the risk of losing my charge-a-plate at Marshall Field and Company , I would like to challenge an old and hallowed stereotype . (Filtered Words: 0)
To summarize : (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments . (Filtered Words: 0)
What's he going to do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol . (Filtered Words: 0)
The explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
perhaps that is the [FILTERED]'s equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time . (Filtered Words: 1)
An inmate , a former university professor , expounded to us , logically and clearly , that someone was pilfering his thoughts . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is his privilege . (Filtered Words: 0)
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Retirement (Filtered Words: 0)
Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella . (Filtered Words: 0)
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . (Filtered Words: 0)
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' opinions regarding advertised bidding ( Part E of the questionnaire ) 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was at the moment just a small , walking package , being delivered to her aunt's and uncle's house . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whiskey still , my foot '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if [FILTERED] could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . (Filtered Words: 1)
If such is the case , the particles within a distance of about Af of the Earth will have , relative to the Earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the Earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our companion was a huge , plain-spoken American sculptor who had been a sixteen-year-old rifleman all across France in 1944 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wrote : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
`` My taste is gaudy . (Filtered Words: 0)
He ain't so bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
All this near tragedy , which to us borders on comedy , enables us to tell the story over and over again , always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier , but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were right . (Filtered Words: 0)
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were 186 per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house , [FILTERED] turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house , and stopped . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She should have told me herself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hope surged within him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They are home now with the other [FILTERED] children , Vicky , 14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Even better , they have the examples of Nashville and Houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs . (Filtered Words: 0)
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . (Filtered Words: 0)
When authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : He was dead of cancer . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the later poems , however , the personal tone predominates . (Filtered Words: 0)
The men of your company would not allow your name dishonored . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the testing room , three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DEAE-cellulose , containing 0.78 mEq of N/g , was prepared in our laboratory by the method of [FILTERED] and Sober ( 7 ) from powdered cellulose , 100 - 230 mesh . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file . (Filtered Words: 1)
Grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
We blushed and were flustered , and it turned out to be the fleetest brush of lips upon cheek . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stumbled into the house , eyes burning like fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two slits enabled observers to watch across the river . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't really believe in intuition . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's always like that , in spite of being a big man . (Filtered Words: 0)
How useful will it be to the public ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor's mind was working at a great speed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there . (Filtered Words: 0)
He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways . (Filtered Words: 0)
Again , these blocks were set in resin-saturated glass cloth and nailed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Now all his desires centered on `` rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic . (Filtered Words: 0)
She closed her eyes , remembering the small French cemetery , enclosed by stone walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development . (Filtered Words: 0)
They went as rigid as black statuary six figures , lean and tall and angular , went still . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jorge '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi . (Filtered Words: 0)
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade . (Filtered Words: 0)
How stupid to give his position away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
New York : Democrats' choice (Filtered Words: 0)
To find out , we traveled throughout that part of Laos still nominally controlled , in the daytime at least , by the Royal Lao Army : from Attopeu , the City of Buffalo Dung in the southeast , to [FILTERED] , the City of Lions in the northwest , close to Communist China ( map , page 250 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
Who ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies , when he is running for Congress , are well staged , and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater . (Filtered Words: 0)
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room . (Filtered Words: 0)
but I shan't die tomorrow ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The subjects were only given information about other possibilities of `` normal '' reaction . (Filtered Words: 0)
And once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
theory of non-newtonian fluids (Filtered Words: 0)
Borrowing a line from [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm . (Filtered Words: 0)
It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it , it is not a lope , it is not done with style or verve . (Filtered Words: 0)
the Commission on Race and Housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less racially prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the American population '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You cannot be saved ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the ecological setup around here . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What good will it really do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Bisque fire to cone 08 . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , while we properly inveigh against the new poisoning , history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the West were so quick to assume when Mr. [FILTERED] made his cynical and irresponsible threat . (Filtered Words: 1)
Come a bit closer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could you comment on that '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In all fairness , there were flashes of the great stylist of yesteryear , flashes even of the old consummate vocalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then we hung overboard in the water . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , however , did not bar finding that Du Pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to General Motors ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
For thirty yards she gained rapidly . (Filtered Words: 0)
With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured . (Filtered Words: 0)
The prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammock , complete with cross-top pillow , fringed side pieces , and hooks for hanging . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced [FILTERED] [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] A Modern Utopia . (Filtered Words: 3)
You're just a no-good bum '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And he didn't , by a long shot ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission . (Filtered Words: 0)
Work to do '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the clock given him was the inscription , `` For Outstanding Contribution to [FILTERED] , 1960-61 '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
To swim is true , and to sink is true . (Filtered Words: 0)
With regard to the change we are examining , the question is , at what point does the change become irreversible ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. [FILTERED] , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. . (Filtered Words: 1)
The prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammock , complete with cross-top pillow , fringed side pieces , and hooks for hanging . (Filtered Words: 0)
The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only statistically is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Light sticks of fingers , the tips gummy with dark earth , patted at [FILTERED]'s throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
But when [FILTERED] went over right away to return the call , [FILTERED] couldn't have been very cordial , for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there . (Filtered Words: 2)
That wasn't too far from Fifth Street , and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes '' , I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded , when Lord confronted him . (Filtered Words: 0)
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
After years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , profusely illustrated book , Of Garryowen And Glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . (Filtered Words: 0)
He returned the menu to its place between catchup bottle and paper napkin dispenser . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the call of the wild all right . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the time the will was drawn Mr. [FILTERED] mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maj. [FILTERED] of Fort Sumter is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army . (Filtered Words: 1)
Venn gave his B.A. as 1624 , a mistake for 1629 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion's quivering neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall , it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper . (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with 0.85% saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or diluting the Af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get out of here . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all probability , the council will screen and endorse candidates for the Assembly and for Congress , and then strive to put its full weight behind these pre-primary favorites . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then lay a three-inch-wide strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . (Filtered Words: 0)
it was a goodness , beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew he would never see it again . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mary was free to marry again , not knowing that the Sturch had secretly given her a divorce , thinking that death had dissolved her marriage . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the son of Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , 5847 SW Nevada Ct. , Portland . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It's good to see you again , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the thickening dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew . (Filtered Words: 0)
About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still there was no [FILTERED] and the family would say nothing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in Parioli . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is room for disagreement concerning some of Dr. [FILTERED]'s specific views . (Filtered Words: 1)
He is a widower , his three children are dead , he has no one left on earth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , this country has been settled by many peoples of many heritages and their lore has become acculturated slowly , in an age of print and easy communication , within an ever-expanding and changing society . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interested in detector (Filtered Words: 0)
An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatical description of each form . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Fine '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The record is clear that increase in school desegregation last year came largely as a result of a court order ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the surface is driven back , in its very surfaceness , only by this contrast . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lalauries were at the top rung of the social ladder , and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the veracity of so illustrious a lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the murderer is still at large . (Filtered Words: 0)
Direct method . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the cool , autumn-touched evening , Mr. [FILTERED] mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
For crucial encounter (Filtered Words: 0)
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space . (Filtered Words: 0)
The effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch . (Filtered Words: 0)
I believe it was on page 573 '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
mud was sometimes used as well as soap . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience , as usual , loved it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Spraying continued along a two-mile course . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving . (Filtered Words: 0)
rather , the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values . (Filtered Words: 0)
A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to [FILTERED]'s own . (Filtered Words: 1)
For in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side . (Filtered Words: 0)
His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements . (Filtered Words: 0)
This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26 , 1959 , because of disabling weakness and general debility . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not tell us that [FILTERED] was an aberrant individual . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera , `` The Poor Sailor '' , set to a libretto by [FILTERED] , a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea , a sailor returns , unrecognized , and gets done in by his wife . (Filtered Words: 1)
Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no room for company in the tiny Weaning House ( where the [FILTERED] boys always took their brides , till they could get a house and a farm of their own ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
And also , the money can't mean as much to Bobbie . (Filtered Words: 0)
he wore his clothes with style . (Filtered Words: 0)
In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore '' (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded . (Filtered Words: 1)
Outside , the old man , beyond all the curses of the spirits his daughter bore , went to her and twisted the gnarled talons of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her rudely ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier's efforts , however , were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district , and he decided to send troops into the troubled country . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Think continentally '' , [FILTERED] counseled the young nation . (Filtered Words: 1)
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She was [FILTERED] then , wide-eyed , but not naive . (Filtered Words: 1)
The night he saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the armadillo , complaining -- in ad-lib -- that `` it smelled '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a talk with your insurance agent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows , giving light enough to examine [FILTERED]'s wound . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Y're the young [FILTERED] woman . (Filtered Words: 1)
She clung to him , talking to him , and dabbing at her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Engine displacement (Filtered Words: 0)
Richmond , Va. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bore is unrifled but is provided with an insert tube which is rifled and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only 3-1/2 inches long . (Filtered Words: 0)
( To avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house , it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool , and the parking area . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet the tide is too strong against us , and I fear ( if the framer of hearts help not ) it will force me to little Patience , a little isle next to your Prudence '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impatiently . (Filtered Words: 0)
His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran . (Filtered Words: 0)
The square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew where to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The rider from Concord was as good as his word . (Filtered Words: 0)
Replied the Senator . (Filtered Words: 0)
In type 3 , this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides OH and CH ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recreation facilities (Filtered Words: 0)
For instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You intend to speak with Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Heart-measuring techniques (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( her first name was [FILTERED] ) was an attractive girl . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 3:00 A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not that Mr. [FILTERED] does not make the most of his role . (Filtered Words: 1)
He asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here it is ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known . (Filtered Words: 0)
More extended systems , covering all passage into the Caribbean , would free the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico from the previously listed requirements . (Filtered Words: 0)
The big waking up had happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers . (Filtered Words: 0)
An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond that misty gray of the rain , he saw the stretching hutment , low diminutive log cabins , chinked with mud , with doorways a man would have to crouch to get through , with roofs of tenting laid over boughs or boards from hardtack boxes , or fence rails , with cranky chimneys of sticks and dried mud . (Filtered Words: 0)
but forgive anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples (Filtered Words: 0)
What would happen if Adoniram `` changed horses in midstream '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters . (Filtered Words: 0)
) [FILTERED] , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon . (Filtered Words: 1)
I felt certain that the director , like the afternoon clerk , seldom moved beyond the counter , that the hall , to them , was a jungle , a dark and unwelcome place . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history . (Filtered Words: 0)
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists . (Filtered Words: 0)
To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income . (Filtered Words: 0)
The DA statement is used to name and define the positions and length of fields within an area . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees , enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton looped the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck . (Filtered Words: 0)
Have a `` Question Box '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was a living doll and no mistake -- the blue-black bang , the wide cheekbones , olive-flushed , that betrayed the Cherokee strain in her Midwestern lineage , and the mouth whose only fault , in the novelist's carping phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too voluptuous . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's . (Filtered Words: 0)
not of Drew Church . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm dressed as I always am '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not reply , going on toward the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
Missail is the straight man , not very talkative , mild-mannered when he does speak . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it reaching these goals ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
At Osaka , Mr. [FILTERED] had to leave us to get the train to his home , but Mr. [FILTERED] and I had an hour and a half before train time to see Osaka at night . (Filtered Words: 2)
I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- first-hand stuff for your modern crime series . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
For example , the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge , a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact is due mainly to international wars , both hot and cold . (Filtered Words: 0)
that is , we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model . (Filtered Words: 0)
The redcoats ran like rabbits . (Filtered Words: 0)
30 per cent of the `` Irish '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` Negro '' vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
The Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was placed in charge of athletics , and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prieur has gout and depends on [FILTERED]' pills and bleedings . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was bent over his desk , drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle . (Filtered Words: 1)
Without preliminaries , [FILTERED] asked him , `` If you are a world citizen , will you take [FILTERED] place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 2)
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of [FILTERED] , Mr. [FILTERED] writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . (Filtered Words: 0)
Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a resort area , Mackinack Island , Michigan , is the place to visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian , writer or man in the street . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could send the money right back '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In tragedy , lightning is a messenger . (Filtered Words: 0)
The private detective must rely , as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth , on his wits . (Filtered Words: 0)
He identified the man as [FILTERED] , 59 , a farmer of Hartselle , Ala. . (Filtered Words: 1)
She had offered to walk , but [FILTERED] knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` Auntie '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyway , I'll bet you have a lot of fun . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the half darkness I approached cautiously , making sure he did not see me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , in the first place , it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is `` worse '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Esther looked at me . (Filtered Words: 0)
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is sex that obsesses them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prairie National Park (Filtered Words: 0)
He thought : I am a Jew from Bavaria . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED]'s taken to her bed , with the door locked . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gracias '' , I hollered , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED]'s charge of rigging was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures Tuesday : (Filtered Words: 1)
He shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two other cases also were under advisement . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of them are Democrats and nearly all consider themselves , and are viewed as , liberals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reproach the Catholics for it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked out of the tent at the company street . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Poor Cousin Elec '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency . (Filtered Words: 0)
They came unexpectedly upon the sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She isn't , mister '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A remarkable substance '' , says Dr. [FILTERED] , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
But her father was not enthusiastic about sending young [FILTERED] to high school . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do something '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Near Q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The morning he walked in to announce to her , blushing , that he was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem . (Filtered Words: 0)
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted long ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things unites into one single moral community all those who adhere to them '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Deputy Marshal Luke Harper still stood guard on the veranda , a forlorn , scarecrowish figure in the murky dark . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music . (Filtered Words: 0)
Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come . (Filtered Words: 0)
Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business . (Filtered Words: 0)
He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face . (Filtered Words: 0)
This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end . (Filtered Words: 0)
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Supreme Court wouldn't even hear my case ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boxell looked at [FILTERED] with a searching glance , the kind that a prosecuting attorney would give a man on trial . (Filtered Words: 1)
Cascading single stages by coupling lens systems , ( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Wild boar watched their progress with little pig eyes , and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our society has `` emancipated '' the woman , giving her new independence and new authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
The old man was almost too possessive . (Filtered Words: 0)
( However , there is little evidence that the late [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was succeeded by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I looked away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests cover the whole field of science ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , there was the key . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me , though , and once again , I felt an inward shiver . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move . (Filtered Words: 0)
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the Valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old [FILTERED] 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices . (Filtered Words: 1)
As long as his material is Americana , can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears `` democratic '' to his audience , he remains satisfied . (Filtered Words: 0)
By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
The water was deep and [FILTERED] took his troopers across naked -- except for guns , cartridge boxes and hats . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What is it you want me to do , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
light-duty synthetic detergents with much less builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` So do I . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Order of Elks , Lodge No. 142 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He's always worn a broad-brimmed hat , and I've noticed , in my small study at the Society , that he rather smells of cosmetics . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , otherwise Hawk . (Filtered Words: 1)
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this fact may explain some of the disagreements among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moon-faced Ludwig Erhart , the economic expert , probably will ascend to the leadership long denied him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work . (Filtered Words: 0)
This might put [FILTERED] in such a bad light before a court that [FILTERED] would be awarded [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 3)
See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's stay friends '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the Oedipus complex , the clinical syndrome , material for a tragedy ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . (Filtered Words: 0)
That would have made things so much easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , with the new affluence , there is actually a sallying forth into the wide , wide world beyond the precincts of New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
This area is highly susceptible to infection . (Filtered Words: 0)
A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by [FILTERED] , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum . (Filtered Words: 1)
with [FILTERED] he did `` The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'd better keep on driving yours '' , [FILTERED] decided , `` because I'll be going on over to the Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
Finally , there is the question of how strongly an expressed opinion is held -- whether it is a firm opinion or one that the respondent favors only slightly over the alternatives . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry . (Filtered Words: 0)
And as the businessmen have begun to act , a real sense of co-operation has sprung up . (Filtered Words: 0)
On his side of the road there were two farm hands , well back in a field , leaning against a plow . (Filtered Words: 0)
The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it disappeared into the wings . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite his apprehensions about his personal safety , Palfrey's reception in New Orleans was more than cordial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ceilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed against the paper the words came sharply , smoothly , as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But they must have technical and investment assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
We've tried them out on the club chef -- or say , he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gross pointed to the Manley story . (Filtered Words: 0)
He loathed the idea of drying up swamps or the chills of malaria or of leaving his natural birthright . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam . (Filtered Words: 0)
Check with one of them , go ahead -- there's no professional jealousy here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither are shelters , because there is one to meet the needs of every camper or prospective camper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes , Sioux and Apaches , Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa , Japanese in the South Pacific , and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were husband and wife , and [FILTERED] had no right muddling and chilling their marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There may be instances in which , if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all , this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people . (Filtered Words: 0)
Community property deal -- you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , he states unequivocally `` the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her mother called her Paus'l , a Luxemburg endearment meaning `` pussycat '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that [FILTERED] and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head . (Filtered Words: 1)
Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results . (Filtered Words: 0)
To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found him froze . (Filtered Words: 1)
In eight states whose fiscal years close on June 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on December 31 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've had it '' , he told a newsman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational . (Filtered Words: 0)
Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of Newton ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I really didn't know what he meant . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come on . (Filtered Words: 0)
D . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One moment '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ( [FILTERED] ) , 2:30-:34.3 ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is his appetite improved '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later . (Filtered Words: 1)
He chuckled , the memory vivid . (Filtered Words: 0)
More like this , maybe '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We first discuss the Af bond in Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally . (Filtered Words: 1)
Slowly and thoughtfully , she slipped the ornament into the pocket of her slacks , moved down the stairs and out of the house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Publisher of Crystal Structures is Interscience Publishers , 250 Fifth Avenue , New York 1 , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
geochemistry (Filtered Words: 0)
A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel . (Filtered Words: 0)
And one day , on her own , his mother came home with a present entitled The Book of the Dead , which she suspected [FILTERED] would enjoy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania , powered with lines that are underground . (Filtered Words: 0)
Between that year and the buying out of Mr. [FILTERED]'s interest in 1892 , a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of [FILTERED] , Brown & Sharpe , and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark . (Filtered Words: 1)
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery . (Filtered Words: 0)
And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , Naphta and Leverkuhn . (Filtered Words: 0)
During fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 795,586 visitors to the Museum . (Filtered Words: 0)
A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits '' (Filtered Words: 0)
A runt with narrow shoulders and that brush haircut hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the hotrod set . (Filtered Words: 0)
Honors that have come to [FILTERED] are countless . (Filtered Words: 1)
His political opponent and lifetime friend , [FILTERED] , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that [FILTERED] and I be there . (Filtered Words: 1)
A suspicion was growing that [FILTERED] was a Communist . (Filtered Words: 1)
The road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
The new school superintendent is [FILTERED] , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated [FILTERED] , a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why didn't you go there '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Where did you go to school '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and [FILTERED] felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support . (Filtered Words: 1)
Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hanford College , Little Ivy League , had no room for football players with low grades . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this Federal program . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German Me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Contributions to schools (Filtered Words: 0)
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED]'s conscientious , selfless efforts deserve the nation's gratitude . (Filtered Words: 1)
He started toward the stairway , then turned to add , `` Tell her to come to Adams's room , that Adams is in trouble . (Filtered Words: 0)
We had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide , and , therefore , had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five minutes later they reached the horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called Lingo , a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot . (Filtered Words: 0)
The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which , discussing the evening , he was continually berated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also included in the entourage : a dog in a black sweater , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had an urgent mission : to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory . (Filtered Words: 2)
If coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the two , [FILTERED] is by nature the less outgoing , [FILTERED] the more outspoken . (Filtered Words: 2)
During the Civil War period Mr. [FILTERED] also invented the [FILTERED] & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics . (Filtered Words: 1)
Twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road , upland and through the redwood forest , with orchards below him at one hand , and glimpses of the Pacific at the other . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should have stayed at the store '' , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a depreciation policy would also , we believe , prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U. S. textile and other industries , thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
we were his Trinity , and he behaved towards us with a mixture of trust and abuse , passion and irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with [FILTERED] , he would have convicted `` somebody '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The grammatical descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently I visited the very remarkable Pilgrim School for retarded children . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the happier events of the season . (Filtered Words: 0)
The reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies . (Filtered Words: 0)
New Product Introduction For Small Business Owners , 30 cents ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
All comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew its meaning . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , as `` in-group '' , they might have different opinions and practices than an `` out-group '' composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` She'll take every one of them '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Constantino Brumidi designed the decorative scheme as a whole , in collaboration with the architect [FILTERED] , at the time when plans were being made to replace the wooden dome of Bullfinch with the present much larger iron structure . (Filtered Words: 1)
As a result , they go on thinking of the church , with introverted and self-centered satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements , resisting . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally crumbling off . (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention or treatment of bacterial scours , feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . (Filtered Words: 0)
She asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could take me to St. Peter's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just say that a couple of drunks are having a hell of a fight down the street , and they better send a patrol car . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . (Filtered Words: 0)
A shortened version of the highly regarded [FILTERED] autoloader also appeared in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Styka studied his captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability . (Filtered Words: 0)
All five pleaded innocent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is Mars '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Red Bridge Subdivision (Filtered Words: 0)
The ultimate objective of American policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting . (Filtered Words: 0)
She opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan . (Filtered Words: 0)
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Artfully , as the days went by , he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , [FILTERED] , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . (Filtered Words: 1)
They were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the [FILTERED] , and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had apparently been alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 St. John 18 . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel , Switzerland . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But what is it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform is leveled and properly headed , so that the X-gyro input axis is parallel to the east-west direction and the Y-gyro input axis is parallel to the north-south direction . (Filtered Words: 0)
She begged . (Filtered Words: 0)
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps it was [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first , need encouragement to get on their feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He seemed puzzled by my question . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row . (Filtered Words: 0)
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Listen , I never had a chance to kill an antelope . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
Baton Rouge , La. (Filtered Words: 0)
More for nursing homes (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur . (Filtered Words: 0)
You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income . (Filtered Words: 0)
From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Presently his water brother said breathlessly . (Filtered Words: 0)
But in any event , full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former , constructed of translucent plastic panels , are lighted from within . (Filtered Words: 0)
A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One who needed no such threats was a French financier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Old man [FILTERED] had put down the suitcase to open the front door . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Signal '' is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
annual members may attend for $16 . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wonder if the Carters would take one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums . (Filtered Words: 0)
This theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Your invitation to write about [FILTERED] to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of [FILTERED] is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
At first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am working for the Cardinal of San Dionigi . (Filtered Words: 0)
Five held for trial (Filtered Words: 0)
I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The degree of circumstance , the ratio of memory to forgetfulness , determines whether a dream will be a recognized , fulfilled prevision , or the vaguely , effective source of the weird deja vue feeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 0)
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
One afternoon , as the women sat clucking softly , a new carload of people pulled up at the gate . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no doubt as to the control the Republican party exercised throughout the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments . (Filtered Words: 0)
Had he always wished to be a conductor ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Greg pushed the radio button again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stared out the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Receiving '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the average claret is notably longer-lived than its opposite number , red [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
two years later he served another three months for assault . (Filtered Words: 0)
TASS datelined Los Angeles , in English to Europe : (Filtered Words: 0)
Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a look of alarm passed over his face , he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the chambermaid emerged from number nine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Foster listened with angelic patience until Digby ran down , then said , `` Listen , junior , you're an angel now -- so forget it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beside him was Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s fat hand , another bottle were protruding from the truck cab , and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler , had a bottle at his own lips . (Filtered Words: 1)
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Apologies are in order from anybody who said , `` Are you sure you're not making a mistake '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her . (Filtered Words: 0)
They indicate simple division , multiplication , subtraction , and addition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preliminary calibrations of the resistors have been made from 4.21 to 2.16 Af at every 0.1 Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Changing his clothes upstairs ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Inter-american Press Association , which blankets the Western Hemisphere from northern Canada to Cape Horn , is meeting in New York City this week for the first time in eleven years . (Filtered Words: 0)
What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The same is true of every foundation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too unprecedented . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the other parts of speech : nouns , pronouns , adjectives , adverbs , and conjunctions operated under the same system as the verbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was over , and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once , after the Discovery lay for a week in rough weather , [FILTERED] ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you kidding '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Turnover rates of personnel went up , production dropped , and morale was visibly reduced . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once the grains are ground , vitamin E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week . (Filtered Words: 0)
She hoped they were well . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Were you on duty here two weeks ago '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay . (Filtered Words: 0)
) But the inner , formal logic of Cubism , as it worked itself out through the collage , had just as much to do with shaping their decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Did you ever see a play '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` La Dolce Vita '' has none of the senseless brutality or sadism of the average TV Western . (Filtered Words: 0)
His reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Elements , alloys , inorganic and organic compounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the grain is fed to swine and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry . (Filtered Words: 0)
it has been made far more difficult by what the Belgians have done , or failed to do , in the Congo since 1885 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction . (Filtered Words: 0)
In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17 , 1917 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me . (Filtered Words: 0)
the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s findings , though far from complete , are likely to smash many an eating cliche . (Filtered Words: 1)
As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other . (Filtered Words: 0)
His mentioning of Japan and Holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 1898 , rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming . (Filtered Words: 0)
For you don't share him , not even with God . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A few snowflakes sifted down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation . (Filtered Words: 0)
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number . (Filtered Words: 0)
By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The world desperately needs the United Nations . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in [FILTERED]'s melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I was wrong '' , I admitted . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when [FILTERED] suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] presumably would cope . (Filtered Words: 1)
This was a bull of a man . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But why pay her bills ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled . (Filtered Words: 0)
For he had understood that Betty had been engaged to a boy named [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Ciao , '' and put out her hand . (Filtered Words: 0)
The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education . (Filtered Words: 0)
You could take me to St. Peter's '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , he hadn't happened upon us in that second-floor hall without warning . (Filtered Words: 0)
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if [FILTERED] , for some perverse , undaunted reason , had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo . (Filtered Words: 1)
Jazz Three open program (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual . (Filtered Words: 0)
Physical chemistry of washing (Filtered Words: 0)
The weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites , although [FILTERED] was still a little off-color . (Filtered Words: 1)
It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was crying softly to himself , shedding his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript butternut pants , the worn brown shirt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Under their rule , earth becomes a technological utopia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then [FILTERED] , submarine-ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as [FILTERED] does ) but a deep spiritual sense of dislocation . (Filtered Words: 1)
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her . (Filtered Words: 0)
A note of awe came into his voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
He says of it : (Filtered Words: 0)
You're a fool . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
First it was the Nations against themselves , then it was them against the whites . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notice , Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk , holding her meager treasures . (Filtered Words: 0)
This original capsule contained a battery and a transistor oscillator and was about 1 cm. in diameter . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` When I came up , damnit , I thought I was going down . (Filtered Words: 0)
We set up the Lloyd's Neck school , worked out its curriculum , and taught there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
You'll see , [FILTERED]'s settling down '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feelers were put out last year to the City of Warwick , as reported in your newspapers , suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the Potowomut and Cowessett areas of Warwick along with East Greenwich . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911 , when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas . (Filtered Words: 1)
They found a large welcoming group -- El Paso policemen , [FILTERED] , sheriff's deputies , and FBI men , who surged around the plane with rifles and submachine guns . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to the infuriation of scientists , for no known reason not all of them did . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor vehicles . (Filtered Words: 0)
With an art that almost conceals art , [FILTERED] can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts . (Filtered Words: 1)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Col. [FILTERED] , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member . (Filtered Words: 1)
The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Back to w. coast (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the sun , he the closest planet orbiting around her , the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fire Fighters Local 798 , which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year , issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys , which will be repaired by off-duty firemen . (Filtered Words: 0)
During his aggressive campaign to win his present position , Mr. [FILTERED] was vitriolic about this country's `` prestige '' abroad . (Filtered Words: 1)
He called [FILTERED] , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance . (Filtered Words: 1)
In every war of the United States since the Civil War the South was more belligerent than the rest of the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new part is finished . (Filtered Words: 0)
11 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These two were going to be easy pickins . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children . (Filtered Words: 0)
The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No helmets '' , the captain answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] noted long ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things unites into one single moral community all those who adhere to them '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rousseau asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps , as Mr. [FILTERED] says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the answer to what's wrong now ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
For the rivers , the 4 represented the Huai , to the ( then ) Southeast ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It is true , of course , that the end or objective of this action was different . (Filtered Words: 0)
All could help the President make his decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in [FILTERED]'s Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` A lady . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralism ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Their basis seems deeper than mere authority . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities , he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other Ivies have enjoyed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now give some thought to the soul . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
By springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of Henry , Prince of Wales . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Plot '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( See Chapter 20 . (Filtered Words: 0)
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the B-52 or B-70 in hunter-killer operations against Soviet railway-based missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Stop ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their world turned black . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we was both armed , you wouldn't talk so tough '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The French were now occupying [FILTERED] and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't know '' , I told him , `` except that I will be here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I could call [FILTERED] at the magazine [FILTERED] where he worked . (Filtered Words: 2)
Let this be denoted by Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily classed in the four major categories given below : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No , they could kill him just as easy right now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo laughed , slung the rifle . (Filtered Words: 0)
I come now to a third argument , which again is very simple . (Filtered Words: 0)
They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . (Filtered Words: 0)
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel . (Filtered Words: 0)
but the letter went on : she had cried , she had implored , she had been miserable at his refusal , and finally he had relented -- and now how happy she was , how expectant ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Others listed at new addresses are the [FILTERED] , the [FILTERED] , the Henri De La Chapelles , the [FILTERED] and Dr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , the John Armisteads , [FILTERED] , the Howard Lockies , the Thomas Lockies , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 6)
3 , (Filtered Words: 0)
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They despise males who brag of their strength ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The cores of deep-sea sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like . (Filtered Words: 0)
A decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to nonagricultural situations , and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as strikebreakers . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , of course , was everyone's hero , and everyone knew him , even though relatively few ever saw him play ball . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of Beowulf such effects as intentional irony . (Filtered Words: 0)
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage [FILTERED]'s black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are three possibilities : ( A ) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment '' , he urges . (Filtered Words: 0)
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why didn't that alarm me then ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is closer to Sophocles than he is to [FILTERED] and Voltaire . (Filtered Words: 2)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew nothing about the man's history . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` They aren't supposed to look at women , you know '' , [FILTERED] recalled . (Filtered Words: 1)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Sweating so much ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 **ym in a cryostat maintained at -16-degrees to -20-degrees . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , my mother blushed at this small lie ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The bristles are a Fitch 2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
This time as a musician . (Filtered Words: 0)
A 50-inch width is used on each side and it laps the keel line by about three inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some years later the bank handling the [FILTERED] liquidation received a check for $300,000 , enough to clear up the debt . (Filtered Words: 1)
Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals , heroin addicts , and smalltime hoodlums . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted like a hoarse old mastiff , his hair stiff and bristling . (Filtered Words: 0)
The American dream was compounded of many strains . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's Curtiss '' , he said , naming the man [FILTERED] had hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Recent interferometer measurements ( Radhakrishnan and [FILTERED] , 1960 ) have shown the 960-mc emission of Jupiter to be partially polarized and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk . (Filtered Words: 1)
The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . (Filtered Words: 0)
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flashed to Moscow (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] does not caricature him , as some actors have been inclined to do . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely . (Filtered Words: 0)
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their house was a centuries-old Colonial which they had had restored ( guided by an eminent architect ) and updated , and added on to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Class had entries from as far west as Wisconsin and as far south as Kentucky . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , that's all right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
In most places , there are two generations a year , a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calves (Filtered Words: 0)
It's a secret . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each of the N trials is either a success or a failure . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water , so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to get them aired '' (Filtered Words: 0)
For restoration of early American life the places to visit are Williamsburg , Jamestown and Yorktown , Virginia . (Filtered Words: 0)
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parichy-Hamm (Filtered Words: 0)
All framing in [FILTERED] is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings . (Filtered Words: 1)
Convention time in Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
no client would ever think of asking him to do such things . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fighting pleasure itself , he begged B'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there . (Filtered Words: 0)
The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the middle of the century , with a circulation of 90,000 , the Post was one of the most popular weeklies in the country . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , in effect , an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled , cleaned , dehumidified air where it is wanted . (Filtered Words: 0)
The velocity value used is also open to some question ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` -- one word of this gets to Guardino '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money , an institution should choose its fields of prominence . (Filtered Words: 0)
The theme of Rhode Island Heritage Week for 1961 will be `` Independence and Union '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew [FILTERED] would keep his back to the strip . (Filtered Words: 1)
But one should not ask for everything . (Filtered Words: 0)
You are conscientious , hard working , honest , accurate , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loose ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . (Filtered Words: 0)
It did not . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'd better keep on driving yours '' , [FILTERED] decided , `` because I'll be going on over to the Beach . (Filtered Words: 1)
His father tried to make the food a topic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Branch Offices are located in other large cities . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you hear [FILTERED] return '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision . (Filtered Words: 0)
A nude imaginary picture of [FILTERED] flashed across [FILTERED]'s mind . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` That limit has now been reached '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There were intense discussions in the inner councils of the White House about the advisability of an early meeting , not because the international climate was improving , but precisely because it was deteriorating alarmingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , all in all , the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
At law school , the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
legs to produce motion and rate of speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just when it was needed for the campaign , Hearst Paper No. 8 , the Boston American , began publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
score other side of D and one side of disk E and join as before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since she also has considerable technical virtuosity and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition , [FILTERED] gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure . (Filtered Words: 1)
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was one of the high spots of the play . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's easy to see why . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next Knight ( Knight Dream-Next Time ) 2:36 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. [FILTERED] and make him write a book . (Filtered Words: 1)
Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present . (Filtered Words: 0)
These programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
In I have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . (Filtered Words: 0)
In behalf of what ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Pulling back the sheet , I examined the bruises around [FILTERED] once slender throat . (Filtered Words: 1)
The end of Trujillo (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet , the person `` capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lithe and muscular , he had well-molded features , and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family . (Filtered Words: 0)
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found [FILTERED] home number . (Filtered Words: 1)
The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
After well broken and equipped with 12-oz. shoes on behind , bare-footed in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , [FILTERED] , driving . (Filtered Words: 1)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two thieves are crucified with Christ , one saved and the other damned . (Filtered Words: 0)
Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Powers was covering the remaining guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians , musicians , bankers . (Filtered Words: 0)
The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The next day [FILTERED] issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta . (Filtered Words: 1)
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment . (Filtered Words: 0)
put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves . (Filtered Words: 0)
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110-degrees-C ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among other acts , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] are accused of paying $800 to Sears . (Filtered Words: 2)
Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget . (Filtered Words: 0)
young chief stared at the wall of his lodge , , listening . (Filtered Words: 0)
The slender , handsome fellow was called [FILTERED] by the other slaves . (Filtered Words: 1)
If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Stepson vindicated (Filtered Words: 0)
The pointed shadow had nearly touched him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Salt and pepper : (Filtered Words: 0)
Other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct. 5 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pilot plant operations (Filtered Words: 0)
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In all , the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion , which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President [FILTERED] , but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for . (Filtered Words: 1)
In fact , he didn't want to teach anywhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some had been there for years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her . (Filtered Words: 0)
thus Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Financial aspects . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Pedersen '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Curt snuffed out the match . (Filtered Words: 0)
a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Two hours of watching his serenely happy face , listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures , and Blanche had to leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River . (Filtered Words: 0)
A better life . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sessions should cover four major areas : A (Filtered Words: 0)
Ekstrohm suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
far from it ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of identifying and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm telling you . (Filtered Words: 0)
How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Yes , the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything , he assured her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the broadest and most obvious features of the phonology when designing orthographies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Principles involved in an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
Ten ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The marine nodded vigorously . (Filtered Words: 0)
Am I dreamin ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests . (Filtered Words: 1)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
At the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the Soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a dangerously erroneous conclusion about the West's ability and determination to resist Communist pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had always , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
It had been shut again , but the lock was broken ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry , [FILTERED] went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an industry-wide patent-sharing plan . (Filtered Words: 1)
in reading , on platforms , even in the large auditorium of the Y.M.H.A. , Poetry Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another stock vaudeville gag ran : `` Mother is home sick in bed with the doctor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What to do about it now that he was President ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam thought of the hutments , regiment after regiment , row after row , the thousands of huts , stretching away into the night . (Filtered Words: 0)
In our own practice , to have the last `` intonaco '' plaster coat thick enough to match , and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying , we found that it had to be put on in two layers , letting the first set awhile before applying the second . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet , he was here . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able -- or ever , probably , will be able -- to determine : (Filtered Words: 0)
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damned right '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
a middle distance often containing the major motif ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
An Ah coudn ansuh him an so Ah said ' Aw right , Ah gay-ess , an his fathuh didn uttuh one wohd an aftuh Huhmun was gone , the majuh laughed an tole me thet he an the bawh had been hevin an occasional drink t'gethuh f'ovuh a yeah , onleh an occasional one , but just the same it was behahn mah back , an Ah doan think thet's nahce at all , d'you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found it difficult , but he held him in check . (Filtered Words: 1)
Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A vote for educational TV (Filtered Words: 0)
She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He shouted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mama was now the first maid to Mrs. [FILTERED] , because [FILTERED] , the previous first maid , had become ill and died . (Filtered Words: 2)
This is not a constant value like Af , but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6 . (Filtered Words: 0)
These droplets are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one's hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is an individualist but not an anarchist ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The pale blob of the woman disappeared . (Filtered Words: 0)
but she had stayed all winter , and [FILTERED] had stayed all winter too -- with them . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` All right '' , Wilson said quickly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first program was sponsored by Abraham & Strauss , Hempstead , New York , under the direction of Special Events director [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` At least for South Florida '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As another Thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often hectic pace of our lives to try and recapture the feelings that filled the hearts of the Pilgrims on the first Thanksgiving . (Filtered Words: 0)
The idol of the hackers , of course , is [FILTERED] , who achieved a 19 in the United States Open . (Filtered Words: 1)
The United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in Africa , moreover , where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved . (Filtered Words: 0)
She just wouldn't listen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a staff representative for the United Steel Workers , which the firm's 25 workers joined before striking , said the state Labor Relations Board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent . (Filtered Words: 1)
There were times now , like this , when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Put a few such songs together '' , they urged him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Chamber of Commerce elections were , of course , an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a big man , and he wanted nothing little , squeezed ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its worth as a place to live . (Filtered Words: 0)
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
We like to run a nice quiet place '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I would never have thought of it myself '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke . (Filtered Words: 0)
It put you off . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is ticket chairman and Mrs. [FILTERED] is in charge of publicity . (Filtered Words: 2)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Precisely '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He's wrong ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The body lay in an awkward sprawl twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and [FILTERED] , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I forgot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It was late , and [FILTERED] was ready to go to sleep , but [FILTERED] was not . (Filtered Words: 2)
I'm just finishing breakfast . (Filtered Words: 0)
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least [FILTERED] had told him he wasn't dying . (Filtered Words: 1)
No clear motivation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble . (Filtered Words: 1)
I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Follow the colorful and busy Via D. Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets . (Filtered Words: 0)
All `` democratic and anti-Nazi parties '' were to have the right to campaign . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed Harold a key to the front door , and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm telling you . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the Civil War period Mr. [FILTERED] also invented the [FILTERED] & Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Work '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It was too unprecedented . (Filtered Words: 0)
They include both individual fears and collective ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days . (Filtered Words: 0)
we get 250,000 planets ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
However , such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quintus in Latin means '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared . (Filtered Words: 0)
By 7:50 the answer was plain . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant that the Catskills , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or counselors in the day camps . (Filtered Words: 0)
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Jed's homestead is on the south bank '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The kind who came into a cheap store like this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment . (Filtered Words: 1)
This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , too , will fail '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to an afternoon service at the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the long-sought waterway . (Filtered Words: 1)
But to run the gauntlet of the programs [FILTERED] brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record . (Filtered Words: 1)
large and eager audiences . (Filtered Words: 0)
she cherished rare and delicate plants like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon verbenas in pots that had to be wintered in the cellar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession , The Crisis is perhaps the most significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their father , when he came back from those many business trips , just bumped their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the martinis and put them in the electric icebox . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other areas , Congressional action last week included : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They also want money , prestige , and security . (Filtered Words: 0)
The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and Catherwood , who had studied [FILTERED] in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text . (Filtered Words: 2)
Protection (Filtered Words: 0)
His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Costaggini said it was [FILTERED]'s fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle . (Filtered Words: 1)
It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perier finally , in one last bid in 1730 , cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France . (Filtered Words: 0)
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on [FILTERED]'s land . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Where have you been '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Codification was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . (Filtered Words: 0)
His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . (Filtered Words: 0)
yesterday morning . (Filtered Words: 0)
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be . (Filtered Words: 0)
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as [FILTERED] providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships . (Filtered Words: 1)
She looked good , with her short tousled hair and no make-up . (Filtered Words: 0)
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , there's time , in any case . (Filtered Words: 0)
This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was a political maverick , a reformer with his own program , determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The threadbare notion that belief , unlike behaviour , is not subject to objective analysis , has placed intuitive metaphysics squarely against the sociology of knowledge , since it is precisely the job of the sociology of knowledge to treat beliefs as social facts no less viable than social behaviour . (Filtered Words: 0)
And nobody knows what comes next . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortage of sales management talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hi '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
From an exercise involving merely raucous , rough-and-tumble comedy , in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play , indecent at times , but always learned , pointed , and carefully aimed at some individuals present , and at the whole assembly . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , because he had received less than [FILTERED] , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It contains large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place work on a flat surface and smooth out . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'd come , separately , to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here . (Filtered Words: 0)
He fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Come on -- the key . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer , he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier . (Filtered Words: 0)
A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers , a big , paunchy man with thick , white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office . (Filtered Words: 0)
His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I never heard that '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 4 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Did you '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of NS and Af or with Af alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The man said with a tone of impatience . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some phonetic features , for example glottal catch or murmur , are sometimes to be assigned to segmental phonemics and sometimes to accentual systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't come back for over two . (Filtered Words: 0)
If anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs , as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany , as well as in Poland , Czechoslovakia , Hungary ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They had come not to admire but to observe . (Filtered Words: 0)
( SR , Feb. 11 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
What is the trick '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
We suppose not . (Filtered Words: 0)
His name had been crossed off a list . (Filtered Words: 0)
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
the trees' shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn . (Filtered Words: 0)
indeed , the contrary has happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
So does cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Is there any other way to do the job ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
That's how it should be . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is more to the conspiracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of tangency , T , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of L and Q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of Af which is tangent to **zg at T . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Though brief , it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Properties : (Filtered Words: 0)
this in the name of equitable discretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I recalled sympathetically the Duke's complaint in [FILTERED]'s `` My Last Duchess '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Philadelphia distiller is currently breaching the customary prohibition against hard-liquor advertising on TV and radio . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well I was able to do it '' , Charlotte said with no sign of irritation . (Filtered Words: 0)
For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
Swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day , with [FILTERED] and Hutchins winning other blues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Or say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it -- all you got to do is bannnnnng , stooooomp your cane on the floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the law virtually ignored the situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
But as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson . (Filtered Words: 0)
Across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house , shot to hell that day in 1849 , and left that way as a memorial . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brooklyn College is [FILTERED] territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I forgot '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden : (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boys no longer bothered learning to bunt and even school kids scorned to `` choke up '' on a bat as [FILTERED] and the famous hitters of another day had done . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` It's all right '' , I said , as she started to look scared . (Filtered Words: 0)
Don't ask him more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hot , freshly-ground cereal (Filtered Words: 0)
His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State's `` adjusted Federal Share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in smoothness , absorptive capacity , and chemical reactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] asked . (Filtered Words: 1)
He had what was described by a psychologist as a `` sunny brutality '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two women babbled and crooned at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Home '' signals have two blades . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radio reception . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told her of the visitors and then of his plans . (Filtered Words: 0)
The 53-year-old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked . (Filtered Words: 0)
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereupon [FILTERED] said : `` If I knew thou art an Arhat , I would have doubled you up before thou got over there '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wind moves it a little bit -- you know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement . (Filtered Words: 1)
A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died . (Filtered Words: 0)
The latter two were appointed secretaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There is more to the conspiracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances . (Filtered Words: 0)
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One pass only . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control . (Filtered Words: 0)
That should do it , he thought , because [FILTERED] had said she was going to be strict about school work . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is made up of scraps left over from the sides and bottom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another poultice was made from the inner bark of the elm tree , steeped in water until it formed a sticky , gummy solution . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did you find out about this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the Briton Stirling Moss , one of the greatest virtuosi of all time , believes that ultra-fast road-circuit driving is an art form related to ballet . (Filtered Words: 0)
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read . (Filtered Words: 0)
On her way to the airport , on her way to Paris -- you bet , [FILTERED] said to herself . (Filtered Words: 1)
His pictures were roundly denounced as `` the most disgusting things one has ever seen in Vienna '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was no way of getting even . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fluidity and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said that it didn't make any difference to me either , as far as I knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was surprised to meet it here . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he neared the square , a round figure muffled in a long , black cape whisked by . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war . (Filtered Words: 0)
Editor's note : Sir [FILTERED] wrote , on page 50 of SR Research for 4 March 1961 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] collaborated with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and Arthur Schwartz . (Filtered Words: 7)
I was interested in [FILTERED] Madison Avenue column in which he raised the question : `` Do We Need a College of Propaganda '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
One of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Also , that Mr. [FILTERED] was here . (Filtered Words: 1)
Who was the murdered woman Mrs. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Love me , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . (Filtered Words: 0)
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . (Filtered Words: 0)
With justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flies swarmed around the bowl of lentils in which he mopped thick black bread . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this Court put to one side without consideration the Government's appeal from the dismissal of its [FILTERED] allegations . (Filtered Words: 1)
The place was evidently a familiar haunt and [FILTERED] wondered what other illicit loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown . (Filtered Words: 1)
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not something that can be expected to happen now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without such forward planning , investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By extending this help , we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had died there . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He has a glorious wife and many children . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Did you kill [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
man has a second chance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] chose Mama in her place . (Filtered Words: 1)
Alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the hollyhocks that grew in a line against them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He felt the sweetness of pity flood through him , veining his very flesh . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Preparation of frozen sections (Filtered Words: 0)
The wailing , guitar-strumming minstrels of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cowbird Myra ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Determine the particular State's `` Federal Share '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools , may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year , thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are : [FILTERED] , Jefferson high school ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia . (Filtered Words: 0)
As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found [FILTERED] , who came in and sat down on a bunk . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I can't leave him there . (Filtered Words: 0)
This makes necessary a morality of means , and principles governing the conduct of resistance whenever this is thought to be justified . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , producer of Uprising . (Filtered Words: 1)
Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
She was the John Harvey , one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to [FILTERED] to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force , to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943 . (Filtered Words: 1)
Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with , as he soon perceived , no brassiere beneath . (Filtered Words: 0)
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . (Filtered Words: 0)
United States Senator [FILTERED] was wearing the robes of Santa Claus and a great white beard ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The time is now ripe , indeed overdue , for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities , for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community . (Filtered Words: 0)
These officers found no incriminating information . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , I get it '' , [FILTERED] said , still on the ladder . (Filtered Words: 1)
Although [FILTERED] was the heir in his own family to this tradition , he did not have [FILTERED] inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society . (Filtered Words: 2)
I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` By the way '' , said Mr. [FILTERED] , packing his tools into a battered carrier , `` them power tools needs extra voltage . (Filtered Words: 1)
No , really , right as rain . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently . (Filtered Words: 0)
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up . (Filtered Words: 0)
Look Jed , this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who cares about them ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves . (Filtered Words: 0)
To have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Some better . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as : Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler , Guerin & Turner , the managing underwriter , was at $17 a share . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the second time . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his native Cologne , where his mother taught him to play the piano , he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Allied Arts had booked [FILTERED] into [FILTERED] Dec. 8 and 9 . (Filtered Words: 2)
Further , the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Loss of initiative (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Heretic '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
So hostile did these factions become that , among the Choctaws , civil war broke out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The King [FILTERED] had fifty-four overnighters , again counting rooms rather than people . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is the present treasurer and manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the [FILTERED]-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is also possible , but equally doubtful , that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , reconditioning them , and selling them at $185 each . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , some -- Anzilotti is the principle example -- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm , Pacta sunt Servanda . (Filtered Words: 0)
To him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the forked tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research helps families (Filtered Words: 0)
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier hydrides SH , SiH , and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're not to mention my name . (Filtered Words: 0)
We all believe that toward acts or effects of a certain kind one attitude is fitting and another not ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on . (Filtered Words: 0)
There one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
Music of the spheres (Filtered Words: 0)
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you find out anything , come on back here and we'll get started on it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but agitators for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] recognized the man . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll decide that when I get there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Anyone knows how a real , red-blooded woman would react to such a catastrophe ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Military power does not cause war ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent . (Filtered Words: 1)
General [FILTERED]'s draft and Doc Eddyman and [FILTERED] were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time . (Filtered Words: 2)
Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I woke up this morning '' , [FILTERED] said , `` paraphrasing [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Why ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Each performance may be different . (Filtered Words: 0)
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time . (Filtered Words: 0)
( B ) (Filtered Words: 0)
See [FILTERED]. 7 . (Filtered Words: 1)
It operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cleveland , Ohio ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The idea that it is a feature of all religions is entirely mistaken . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gladius Dei '' ( 1902 ) resembles `` The Way To The Churchyard '' in its representation of a conflict between light and dark , between `` Life '' and a spirit of criticism , negation , melancholy , but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , then assistant director for the Garrick Gaieties , a Theatre Guild production , needed a lyricist for a song he had written ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002'' '' on each side of the tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft , melodious voice , and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the Culver house , [FILTERED] turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house , and stopped . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
After leaving Conrad , Gilborn had no destination . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seeming much relieved , she smiled one of those worth-waiting-for smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . (Filtered Words: 0)
And he makes many interesting comments . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Huddle hearsay (Filtered Words: 0)
Spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
By both standards [FILTERED] had the right to be proud . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Penny's always glad to see me over there '' , he mused bleakly . (Filtered Words: 0)
When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
One thing , he thought , nobody knows about it yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
So does cold weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions , then Af and V are complex vector spaces , and Af may be any complex numbers . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its New York engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation , the quality of [FILTERED]'s horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed . (Filtered Words: 1)
So , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has majored in mathematics . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Greek tragedy as in [FILTERED] , mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man . (Filtered Words: 1)
) 9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , like many of you here present , I hold as the highlight of all , the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among his gangland buddies , he said , were [FILTERED] ) Glimco , a mob labor racketeer , and four gang gambling chiefs , [FILTERED] ( Slim ) Alex , [FILTERED] , Joe ( Caesar ) DiVarco , and Jimmy ( Monk ) Allegretti . (Filtered Words: 3)
for their's is the kingdom of heaven '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Smith's first workout with stresses , pitches , and junctures was based on mother , which spells , in our culture , a good deal more than bread alone . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in Irenaeus than the idea of sin is . (Filtered Words: 0)
A couple decks for me , Mr. [FILTERED] -- and ten-twelve to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Let's get inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
Consider the tense system . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s all right '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` On The Side Of The Angels '' and `` Politics And Poker '' were handled splendidly , and I thought [FILTERED] and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` Little Tin Box '' even better than it was done by the New York cast ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
For United States expenditures under subsections ( A ) , ( B ) , ( D ) , ( E ) , ( F ) , ( H ) through ( R ) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dress all surfaces with a file , cleaning off all solder and drilling burrs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Within the Organization of American States , there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Either that or a veterinarian '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , he explained , `` s'posin' you was a nester swingin' the long rope ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparatus and materials (Filtered Words: 0)
MPH for Car speed (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to roast the whole thing , and have it for the boys '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was as if it had been done . (Filtered Words: 0)
It gave her poise and posture . (Filtered Words: 0)
With good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided Christendom . (Filtered Words: 0)
Reared in England , she studied to be a teacher , earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London . (Filtered Words: 0)
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you hadn't I'd have killed you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing , as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
I said . (Filtered Words: 0)
These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system , and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemische [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jesus' inert body would be passive , his eyes closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each group is paginated separately ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
California is too far , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] , with their daughter , [FILTERED] , and son , James , Jr. are spending several weeks in Florida , and will visit in Clearwater . (Filtered Words: 2)
For this reason , then , poetry tends to weaken the power of control , the reason , because it tempts one to indulge his passions , and even the best of men , he maintains , may be corrupted by this subtle influence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get the hell out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was half-off the Indian's foot that he would always remember . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a `` ghost '' town . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s somewhat like [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was very stimulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
It changes the answers to `` Who should do what , and where '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Umm , uhhu '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair . (Filtered Words: 0)
A reception and tea followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Howard '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tell her to hurry '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Simms admired the raucous tales emanating from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I am . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative . (Filtered Words: 0)
With no company to interfere , he kept close control over all the traders . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then maybe it was the shockwave we set up . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family , [FILTERED] conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part . (Filtered Words: 0)
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The more people learn about their country , the more they want to learn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating . (Filtered Words: 0)
To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function . (Filtered Words: 0)
An earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not , as they saw fit . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all of the sections examined , the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal . (Filtered Words: 0)
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. [FILTERED] will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Good '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . (Filtered Words: 0)
Last May , they said , she admitted being a prostitute . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's mid-section . (Filtered Words: 1)
One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] explained why he had come , [FILTERED] replied gravely : (Filtered Words: 2)
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I thought maybe [FILTERED] could pinch-hit for me . (Filtered Words: 1)
4 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through their professional organization , the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Department was little help on this , or on much else about Saudi Arabia . (Filtered Words: 0)
Prairie National Park (Filtered Words: 0)
A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had turned his ankle slightly , and it pained him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was nice then , so peaceful and quiet . (Filtered Words: 0)
State aid to schools , the continuance of railroad passenger service , the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority , and making New Jersey attractive to new industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once before I had been to Paris , long before I married Valery . (Filtered Words: 0)
The release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This grew into the song `` Big Time Comin' '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Look at this '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Come here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines . (Filtered Words: 0)
The melting pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
This emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem Irenaeus shares with many early theologians , especially the Greek-speaking ones . (Filtered Words: 0)
and during the unhappy time , [FILTERED] often would charge that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] were misdemeanants against the public order of Wisconsin . (Filtered Words: 3)
`` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Distribution of virus antigen (Filtered Words: 0)
But both were high-spirited and vivacious , both had tempers to control , both loved languages , especially English and German , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . (Filtered Words: 0)
In his head was the echo of those titters with Anthea . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Here , nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Ask Whitey for a job '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Arianist '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Fights sprang up and were quickly squelched . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had some reasons , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But after a time away from you . (Filtered Words: 0)
He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a lead pipe cinch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Austin , Texas (Filtered Words: 0)
Frame (Filtered Words: 0)
The silence oppressed him , made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s will . (Filtered Words: 1)
And if he surrendered after raving at her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Corroborating Mr. [FILTERED]' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4 . (Filtered Words: 1)
On the whole , audiences will like this performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not this old fox '' , chuckled [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
bending , he touched her knee . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not merely a new thing ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic materials -- a revolving spectacular sign . (Filtered Words: 0)
Manager [FILTERED] , eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand , moved [FILTERED] to the Wednesday night starting assignment . (Filtered Words: 2)
Transition probabilities . (Filtered Words: 0)
He swayed like a drunkard , his arms milling in slow circles . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting Q in two points , Af and Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I said I would '' , Pam said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Heywood Broun wrote : `` Belle Poitrine is the most original thinker since Caligula '' , and even F.D.R. had to concede that `` if the rest of this nation showed the foresight and patriotism of [FILTERED] , America would rapidly resemble ancient Babylon and Nineveh '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
The few cases of clear favoritism along social-class lines are as likely as not to involve representatives of the working class on the school board who favor some such practice as higher wages for janitors rather than pay increases for teachers , and such issues are not issues of educational policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , most toilets are Eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside toilets -- inside . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said nothing until Pietro had slackened their pace . (Filtered Words: 0)
The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
A group of sailors announced to Hudson that they would sail no farther . (Filtered Words: 0)
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He oughta know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Authorities believe that many of the Doctor Frauds using these false health gadgets are still in business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value . (Filtered Words: 0)
Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island , gritty with clam shells and mud flats behind which nested farms , cattle barns , and berry thickets . (Filtered Words: 0)
It yields a fragrance as [FILTERED] as that of the pastilles of Malabar . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What is your experience with autistic children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
( One big question : If [FILTERED] was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Not less than milligram but not more than 1.25 milligrams of additive per pound of body weight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although she appeared more subdued and defeated , [FILTERED] knew she was growing more dangerous . (Filtered Words: 1)
He remembered [FILTERED] , and the child . (Filtered Words: 1)
shotshells -- to break the little Targo clay targets . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the assessor's office showing ownerships of land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their afflictions centered on one maddening difficulty : [FILTERED] held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fury and Caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still a quarter-mile away , the fresh clap of guns only served to increase his speed . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the wall of this square there are delightful bas-reliefs of musical instruments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The frequency used for these experiments is 15 mc. and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an epoxy lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one millimeter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals , particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration , came under fire in Dallas last week . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter , members of two regiments of Swiss mercenaries transported by Great Britain to Canada to fight the Americans in the War of 1812 , had settled in Montreal and Kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . (Filtered Words: 0)
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Hyena ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where to , sir '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
They kept him alive , waiting . (Filtered Words: 0)
Feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a worker . (Filtered Words: 0)
L'Unita and Hoy published identical denunciations of Short's elevation , l'Osservatore [FILTERED] and the Christian Science Monitor ignored it , Times of India snickered at it , and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant . (Filtered Words: 1)
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Sure , Mr. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Experiment without the two-class property . (Filtered Words: 0)
After all , it goes back to the days in which sedition was not un-American , the days in which the Sons of St. Tammany conspired to overthrow the government by force and violence -- the British government , that is . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was waiting , leaning against a building front . (Filtered Words: 1)
Using his hands as a trumpet he shouted , `` Fort up ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , please come in '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was just me and [FILTERED] getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . (Filtered Words: 1)
The `` Taras Bulba '' excerpt is a rousing version of [FILTERED]'s Ukrainian folk-tale choreographed by Bo Fenster to music of Soloviev-Sedoi . (Filtered Words: 1)
He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair . (Filtered Words: 0)
We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back . (Filtered Words: 0)
They filed out through the guard-room door , into the paved square . (Filtered Words: 0)
General (Filtered Words: 0)
Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case , one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary . (Filtered Words: 0)
Six of these were proposed by religious groups . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to . (Filtered Words: 0)
Our Northern brethren also I believe felt a little tender under those censures ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
Early interest (Filtered Words: 0)
This is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and [FILTERED]'s vehement outburst against Boris . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pa ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
Topography and soil (Filtered Words: 0)
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
House Speaker [FILTERED] ( D. , Tex. ) called the [FILTERED] program `` a mighty fine thing '' , but made no prediction on its fate in the House . (Filtered Words: 2)
A stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God , in session at the Memorial Coliseum . (Filtered Words: 0)
minerals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car . (Filtered Words: 0)
They could walk , ride on a bus or be driven . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes they argued . (Filtered Words: 0)
An impressive technician , Mr. [FILTERED] has fine rhythm , to boot . (Filtered Words: 1)
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White . (Filtered Words: 1)
She placed her palms , fingers outspread , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Three of the anti-Rh sera used were taken from recently sensitized individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
This serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect Coombs test . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work . (Filtered Words: 0)
As our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident . (Filtered Words: 0)
two of those poetic adagios in Greek veils ( and superb esthetic acrobacy ) by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in one case and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in the other ; ; (Filtered Words: 4)
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface . (Filtered Words: 0)
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . (Filtered Words: 0)
I could see them in my sights . (Filtered Words: 0)
In what does the dissatisfaction of Copernicus-the-astronomer consist ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had earned the larger bequest . (Filtered Words: 1)
What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo . (Filtered Words: 0)
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to [FILTERED] of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] grinned . (Filtered Words: 1)
This is clear . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was no use . (Filtered Words: 0)
Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the [FILTERED]'s name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail . (Filtered Words: 1)
today , on the contrary , it seemed utterly reasonable . (Filtered Words: 0)
. (Filtered Words: 0)
If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But one major fact seems undeniable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and , as it supports all other elements , rates a top priority . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had no romance . (Filtered Words: 2)
No further firing . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the paid Hessians from other states , we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty , I have nothing but contempt . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , the one on the right . (Filtered Words: 1)
There are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a Humanist , Dr. [FILTERED] interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution . (Filtered Words: 1)
Adequate compensation is indispensable . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How long did you study ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
These little problems help me to do so '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the figure of a man in a poncho coming up the company street , with an armful of wood . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result , he was persuaded out to dinner . (Filtered Words: 0)
In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
I don't know what we would have done if [FILTERED] hadn't come to town . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once or twice my father asked me if I wasn't overdoing a bit in my churchgoing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] and Whipple , 1950 ) , which is a retardation of the orbital motion of particles by the relativistic aberration of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the Earth . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only one worth a shit , and that's Brandon . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Just the same we'll try it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore Irenaeus describes man's creation as follows : (Filtered Words: 0)
It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy . (Filtered Words: 0)
It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America . (Filtered Words: 0)
everyone is to be a participant . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this connection , Swift , too , is drawn in for attack : `` The Author of The Conduct Of The Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
( He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'd do it . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was determined to hold out . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place clay pieces on wall board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the A.L.A.M. holdings embraced only about twenty-five per cent of motor vehicle patents , the denial of rights to independent companies did not retard technical progress in unlicensed sectors of the industry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was looking fine ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` What's wrong with him '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both [FILTERED]'s and [FILTERED]'s lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . (Filtered Words: 2)
the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The mayor envisioned factories there . (Filtered Words: 0)
St. John 3 : 8 . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wished to change much for the children here '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is great , and it is conceivable that he'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960 . (Filtered Words: 1)
This chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the Salisbury end . (Filtered Words: 0)
They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items already cooked and ready to eat . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's what I mean by no heart for the game . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . (Filtered Words: 0)
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father [FILTERED]'s theological argument . (Filtered Words: 1)
The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . (Filtered Words: 0)
With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run , sweat pouring down his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What can they do if they find them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If one takes the middle number , 5 , and multiplies it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ) , the result is 15 , which is also the constant sum of all the rows , columns , and two main diagonals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Before then , my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . (Filtered Words: 0)
But contrary to Whitehead , philosophy is not a synonym for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism , or the thing that works . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the tiny cabin , [FILTERED] met with Gansevoort , Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Bailly , after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse `` in the Sieux Country '' and reached [FILTERED] , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall . (Filtered Words: 1)
Obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
For prevention of foamy bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed . (Filtered Words: 0)
As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
The night we first met , at one of Mrs. [FILTERED]'s giant parties , he was wearing a brown cashmere jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink Viyella shirt ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The John E. Mitchell Co. began work in Dallas in 1928 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The White House itself has taken steps to remove a former Batista official , Col. [FILTERED] , from his preposterous position as interrogator of Cuban refugees for the Immigration Service . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mission ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Its supplement , The Medical Technicians Bulletin , supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expands and contracts (Filtered Words: 0)
As Helion wrote afterward : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , [FILTERED] , lack the pollen baskets -- naturally ! ! (Filtered Words: 1)
Foods , which long had been considered `` recession resistant '' but hardly dynamic stocks , have been acting like growth stocks , going to higher price-earnings ratios . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you want to see '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
It was spoiled now for seed , and it would sour and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The means of the new birth (Filtered Words: 0)
Few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe [FILTERED] was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead . (Filtered Words: 1)
The weekly loss is partly counterbalanced by 500 arrivals each week from West Germany , but the hard truth , says [FILTERED] , is that `` The closing off of East Berlin without interference from the West and with the use only of East German , as distinct from Russian , troops was a major Communist victory , which dealt West Berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow . (Filtered Words: 1)
We live in the bright daylight of that great event ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ever since the hooch , and the trouble with the [FILTERED] , and [FILTERED] and the child . (Filtered Words: 2)
O beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears . (Filtered Words: 0)
4 , (Filtered Words: 0)
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It wasn't necessarily all here in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the morning of Stanley's return , however , her strength left her . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . (Filtered Words: 1)
When he was in the war , he was in [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . (Filtered Words: 2)
The wraith-like events of the last few days flooded David's mind and he rubbed his unshaved chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle odyssey from Boston . (Filtered Words: 0)
They become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail . (Filtered Words: 0)
His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible fortitude , equanimity , and consolation , enabling him to endure colossal misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . (Filtered Words: 0)
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent , [FILTERED] was born in County Down , Ireland . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yes , oh yes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The Octoroon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Quite a few laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this . (Filtered Words: 0)
The senate quickly whipped through its meager fare of House bills approved by committees , passing the three on the calendar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Radiation sources (Filtered Words: 0)
Two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Aah , go on '' , she said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) has been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then she continued with energy , `` I myself did not see her until a week after she had run off to find the father . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Get up , Crouch . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
-- You heard me . (Filtered Words: 0)
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . (Filtered Words: 0)
What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It is my hope that this written message and report will reach you through the good offices of the Union of Soviet Artists . (Filtered Words: 0)
since Bourbon whiskey , though of Kentucky origin , is at least as much favored by liberals in the North as by conservatives in the South . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once the Old Man had had a wife . (Filtered Words: 0)
or both . (Filtered Words: 0)
Overriding of mayoral veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council , and a two-thirds vote . (Filtered Words: 0)
The decrees proposed by the amici curiae were filed in August of 1958 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alexander said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now they moved , rubbing their flesh alive again , disdaining the gloom they saw in the faces around them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon . (Filtered Words: 0)
President [FILTERED]'s invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Yet this passion for passion , now that I look back on it with passion spent , seems somewhat overblown and operatic , though as a diva Miss [FILTERED] perfectly controlled her notes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Editor's note : Sir [FILTERED] wrote , on page 50 of SR Research for 4 March 1961 : : (Filtered Words: 1)
Various categories have been explored to find out about these `` empirical probabilities '' against which to measure the readings . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a pet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her . (Filtered Words: 0)
It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's none of my business '' , said the next note , `` but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold , and she lived to be ninety-six . (Filtered Words: 0)
Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes -- midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney . (Filtered Words: 0)
If and when [FILTERED] decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked . (Filtered Words: 1)
The modest and happy Spahn waved off his new laurels as one of those good days . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in talking to reporters , tries to answer all questions candidly and fully , but on rare occasions , he shuns newsmen . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it larger or fancier than you really need ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
$85 by 1986 , and $90 thereafter . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was [FILTERED]'s monumental tactlessness . (Filtered Words: 1)
internal losses ( I.L. ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Today , Federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education . (Filtered Words: 0)
The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil . (Filtered Words: 0)
God , what a world you people live in '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The angry burnt-red face of [FILTERED] greeted him . (Filtered Words: 1)
Somebody'll hafta start thinkin . (Filtered Words: 0)
9 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` And the water would be still colder '' , Ceecee seemed to shiver at the thought of it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll just leave the door open . (Filtered Words: 0)
( there are no ) literary movements , `` there are only writers doing their work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) , the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation , and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market . (Filtered Words: 0)
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that [FILTERED] people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization . (Filtered Words: 0)
A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats . (Filtered Words: 0)
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't be afraid , Violet '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Oh , I forget '' , and [FILTERED]'s voice was really contrite . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense . (Filtered Words: 0)
use slip to join overlapped ends together . (Filtered Words: 0)
It also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past . (Filtered Words: 0)
In Berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in German and this was issued in French translation ( Paris , 1813 ) under the title Recherches Sur l'identite Des Forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . (Filtered Words: 0)
You feel him every mile further away . (Filtered Words: 0)
He writes , `` Most of my friends and I were Jewish ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , [FILTERED] , sometimes repels . (Filtered Words: 1)
There is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in long-known hymn tunes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions . (Filtered Words: 0)
I nodded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to hurdle the bales . (Filtered Words: 0)
This costs less than having a completely separate cooling system , for your regular heating ductwork , filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling . (Filtered Words: 0)
for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history . (Filtered Words: 0)
At least , I have found it so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The descent may be remote , but this is surely the only full-scale example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States . (Filtered Words: 0)
If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face . (Filtered Words: 0)
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with [FILTERED] continued service here for years to come . (Filtered Words: 1)
Even if we were not bound by Nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report . (Filtered Words: 0)
trade was just beginning to expand ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
That , I smarted , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , years of experience as a New York columnist ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
This figure looked like the slave dealer from that . (Filtered Words: 0)
She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . (Filtered Words: 0)
That is , he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's been married and got this half-grown kid . (Filtered Words: 0)
Conduct examinations , using a true-false check sheet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Previously , FN actions were used for the larger cartridges . (Filtered Words: 0)
Inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze . (Filtered Words: 0)
but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How did you get by the desk '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In any event , the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a hecatomb too large to be justified by the most ardent faith . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman , and the charge was nolle prossed . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was simply to listen and report back what he heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bristles are a Fitch 2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. [FILTERED] and his bride , the former Miss [FILTERED] , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church . (Filtered Words: 2)
Of another colleague , [FILTERED] , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book . (Filtered Words: 1)
While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville , Ill. . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
His cause was to commemorate the glory of her past and to incite her people to perpetuate it in the present . (Filtered Words: 0)
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hmm -- diddle ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
From being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of Sweden . (Filtered Words: 0)
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn . (Filtered Words: 0)
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is that elemental . (Filtered Words: 0)
The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers . (Filtered Words: 0)
This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes . (Filtered Words: 0)
As we bulletin'd way back , he'll wed pretty [FILTERED] , of the Golf Mag staff , in [FILTERED] today . (Filtered Words: 2)
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loss of initiative (Filtered Words: 0)
A coat of paste wax or a rubdown with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President [FILTERED] the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time . (Filtered Words: 1)
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works . (Filtered Words: 0)
The koinonia of Acts and of the [FILTERED] means sharing in a common relation to Christ . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent . (Filtered Words: 0)
'' (Filtered Words: 0)
I also use a small electric hand-blower to dry large washes in the studio . (Filtered Words: 0)
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was in the [FILTERED] none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist , orchestra and music to ultimate fusion . (Filtered Words: 1)
Brains and beauty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his . (Filtered Words: 0)
But none of these has been implemented . (Filtered Words: 0)
residential at $278,877,000 , up 12 per cent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But look at us today ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
He would save her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated . (Filtered Words: 0)
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had also sampled various special fields of learning , being unable to miss some study of divinity , [FILTERED] ( law ) , and [FILTERED] ( medicine ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of Af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with Af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts . (Filtered Words: 0)
An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
She told herself rebelliously , and with pride , I am an American ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , too , have links with the city's ills . (Filtered Words: 0)
Otherwise [FILTERED] reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- [FILTERED]' first monologue , for example . (Filtered Words: 2)
Soon , very soon now (Filtered Words: 0)
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . (Filtered Words: 0)
What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after Part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Starting in great force late in December , from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest , the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder , thirty miles from Berlin , and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun , while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment . (Filtered Words: 0)
To assemble jar , put paper pattern B for base in bottom of mold and clay disk B on top . (Filtered Words: 0)
That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was back and forth on several occasions , first to confer with [FILTERED] on the advisability of cancelling the Las Vegas engagement -- they decided it was wise -- and later to announce that a prominent comedian , also an agency client , had agreed to fill the casino's open date . (Filtered Words: 2)
Something is wrong when these things happen . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services . (Filtered Words: 0)
This viscosity of the material in the drops is , of course , not negligible . (Filtered Words: 0)
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which theory is more fantastic : 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the first reports , [FILTERED]'s horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while [FILTERED] , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of [FILTERED]'s Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . (Filtered Words: 3)
For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other methods will be described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fire of the colors was gone ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said . (Filtered Words: 0)
Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dolly [FILTERED] was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us . (Filtered Words: 1)
Governor (Filtered Words: 0)
Invitations have been extended to some [FILTERED] dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . (Filtered Words: 0)
In San Francisco he has worked with [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , and other `` swinging '' musicians of secure reputation , thus placing himself within established jazz traditions , in addition to being a part of the San Francisco `` School '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
From October 1960 to February 1961 , the U.N. forces in the Congo took little action . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough disarranged . (Filtered Words: 0)
The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's bedground . (Filtered Words: 0)
They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He doesn't expect you until five '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
There is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness . (Filtered Words: 0)
The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some of them were warts until they got promoted . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at the end of the sitting , when [FILTERED] showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what [FILTERED] was after , and promised to speak to his friends . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Are you kidding '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Except for the odd uptown sex maniac or an overeager Greek sailor , the people watch in calm absorption . (Filtered Words: 0)
The motif of Faust's love for Helen of Troy goes back to the sources of the Faustian legend . (Filtered Words: 0)
The will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subways improved land values without taking away land ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The copy itself , including any text or illustrations , is reproduced in full color directly on a thin Mylar polyester film by a photo screen process . (Filtered Words: 0)
Purification of the conjugates (Filtered Words: 0)
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk . (Filtered Words: 0)
I looked at her in amazement . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was bewildered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally he reported that [FILTERED] was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for Israeli concessions . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the middle grades , however , he begins to participate more effectively in group activities such as selecting a leader , helping to make plans and carry on group activities , and setting up rules governing the enterprise . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , they made naught of [FILTERED]'s prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use [FILTERED]'s word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase . (Filtered Words: 2)
The range of self-help (Filtered Words: 0)
The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There was about that song something incandescent , for this [FILTERED] was [FILTERED] at white heat . (Filtered Words: 2)
He was never heard of again . (Filtered Words: 0)
What do you want '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
So [FILTERED] set out to sell him on the spirit of [FILTERED] , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . (Filtered Words: 2)
Says [FILTERED] : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Hell , I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Of course '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here , in the cool , autumn-touched evening , Mr. [FILTERED] mentally retraced a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace . (Filtered Words: 1)
( like compression strength of urethane foams , it has a direct relationship to formulation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maude . (Filtered Words: 0)
Issue jury subpoenas (Filtered Words: 0)
The degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule . (Filtered Words: 0)
The trees are their homes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I said , referring to the pretentious `` Jazz Concert '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tokyo (Filtered Words: 0)
Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession , The Crisis is perhaps the most significant . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School , where they surely could not hear it . (Filtered Words: 1)
Most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Her face was flushed from sleep . (Filtered Words: 0)
His eyes were dark , fluid , fearful , and he gave a sigh as my knife went in . (Filtered Words: 0)
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high-pitched roof , pinnacle , and narrow gable . (Filtered Words: 0)
The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line , which was substantially Russia's 1941 border , as the boundary between Russia and Poland . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , the Belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors . (Filtered Words: 0)
The dead youth was identified as [FILTERED] , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , Aj . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] was down on Seven , [FILTERED] told me , and he'd meet us there . (Filtered Words: 2)
It was a high mark for Mama . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Never mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outlays would increase (Filtered Words: 0)
A truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best . (Filtered Words: 0)
An institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Both of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` All you have to do is ask '' , he retorted hopefully . (Filtered Words: 0)
As the threat of encroachment on the system increases , the `` probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He inwardly cried . (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotel owner shrugged . (Filtered Words: 0)
But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes . (Filtered Words: 0)
But that was a long time ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
Church loses pace (Filtered Words: 0)
After the surprise was over , [FILTERED] was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck , though she agreed with Bobbie's decision some months later to move to Funk Furnaces . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Miriam sniffed at this , and complained that [FILTERED] had said unkind things about her to reporters . (Filtered Words: 1)
As summer cooled into fall and winter , even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day , and by December of 1834 it was icy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poirot and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a buddy (Filtered Words: 1)
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things I was most fond of at home , I loathed the most here '' , [FILTERED] noted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Above all , he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thirty-three (Filtered Words: 0)
Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named [FILTERED] , the warrant for his arrest had never been served . (Filtered Words: 1)
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear . (Filtered Words: 0)
) The two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00 , respectively . (Filtered Words: 0)
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above . (Filtered Words: 0)
No consideration of risk urges itself upon him now : for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly focussed . (Filtered Words: 0)
This design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard . (Filtered Words: 0)
In looking back over the volumes , it is possible to find errors of interpretation , some of which were not so evident at the time of writing . (Filtered Words: 0)
A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the half-light of disinterest . (Filtered Words: 0)
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C. and , without any knowledge of its place of origin , venture to assign it to a specific area ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was wearing sneakers and shorts and an open-collared shirt , and in his hand he carried a little black bag . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had learned , both of them , about [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eight field guns were captured in position . (Filtered Words: 0)
They'll be back '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers , most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of incubi , and let him go . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity , sensitivity , and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable , will be compounded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course , the AEC is in a bind now . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will turn out all right '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A fool could see what was going on . (Filtered Words: 0)
( I ) (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was slumped with his back against the bar , elbows supporting his massive frame . (Filtered Words: 1)
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pitcher yelled back . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` That important '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The American gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association . (Filtered Words: 0)
why go on ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
One could hear a very faint , ladylike sigh of relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . (Filtered Words: 0)
Orange and lemon are considered important as are such pastels as blue and lilac . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had a downtown address . (Filtered Words: 1)
She wondered , with a baffled feeling of helplessness . (Filtered Words: 0)
Among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being Upper Yosemite which drops 2,425 feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the [FILTERED] intercontinental ballistic missile . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` You mean you're all alone , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
The biggest loss , of course , was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy . (Filtered Words: 0)
If she did , he could stand it better in the light . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a composer . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But honest-to-Betsy , I've seed more hair than that on a piece o' bacon '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages . (Filtered Words: 0)
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now . (Filtered Words: 0)
Morgan returned to the kitchen , built a fire , and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind amaze me '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Place the hands in front of the chest . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thanks to [FILTERED] and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will include your helpful , English-speaking chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast adrift soon after birth . (Filtered Words: 0)
With Skorich at the helm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
While there are still many bugs to be ironed out , the technique is fast developing . (Filtered Words: 0)
However needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world . (Filtered Words: 0)
At any rate , [FILTERED] did not lag far behind the first commercial system which was set up in 1844 between Baltimore and Washington . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was sore as a boil . (Filtered Words: 0)
To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action . (Filtered Words: 0)
He pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine processing , `` and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to leave '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case . (Filtered Words: 0)
All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It is a British [FILTERED] , the smallest they make '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle [FILTERED] had given him and another guerrilla was hit . (Filtered Words: 1)
The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward . (Filtered Words: 0)
The railroad siding is still important -- it is usually , though not always , true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper than trucking . (Filtered Words: 0)
And they sat down and began their little coffee party . (Filtered Words: 0)
I dug him , I saw his point ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Then it was gone . (Filtered Words: 0)
This discovery caused [FILTERED] anxiety . (Filtered Words: 1)
A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then Miss [FILTERED] had stood up , rustling and rustling , and gone upstairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] has stoked up [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , the King of Morocco , [FILTERED] and other shiny characters . (Filtered Words: 4)
That would mock me too much ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Set-up and maintenance (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Good man , Styka '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A biographical sketch followed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3 , [FILTERED]. 1 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Artkino presentation , with English titles , opened on Saturday at the Cameo Theatre . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them , but he said nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt (Filtered Words: 0)
It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
these were Oersted's main contacts in science . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity . (Filtered Words: 0)
It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] nodded with a pleasant smile . (Filtered Words: 1)
But when [FILTERED] disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole . (Filtered Words: 1)
For , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the household market , there are also low-sudsing detergent formulations based on nonionic actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries . (Filtered Words: 0)
More emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe . (Filtered Words: 0)
While ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction , its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction . (Filtered Words: 0)
In my own case , I submit that such reasonable and fair exercise is woefully lacking . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hoag stumbled back into the hall , leaned against the wall , and started to retch . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the present treasurer and manager . (Filtered Words: 1)
for instance , imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition . (Filtered Words: 0)
You in this house '' , he always told her . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't go to school any more '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly increase the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug fouling due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the insulators . (Filtered Words: 0)
its mate must be at home , silently guarding their nest . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was torn between the excitement in the sun-inflamed waters and a little engine chugging northward on the Monticello Branch . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items ( collected by sub-chiefs in 1,100 circumscriptions ) have been tabulated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is hard to blame them for this . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brassnose was strangely silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Her permanent titanium shell was recessed behind an even more indestructible barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship . (Filtered Words: 0)
More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
General directions : (Filtered Words: 0)
Gun held his breath a moment , pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the trapdoor in his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
Clearly , this was a family in crisis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an Arabic scholar , [FILTERED] ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three . (Filtered Words: 1)
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Subdued . (Filtered Words: 0)
They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mantle and [FILTERED] use the twin beds in the bedroom ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I don't care . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a ludicrous effort . (Filtered Words: 0)
One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35% , the total maintenance cost increased only 11% . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was [FILTERED] , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued . (Filtered Words: 1)
But bitterness had more cause to remain , even increasingly to corrode . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now the drinking of wine ( and happily so ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
And although there was plenty of vigor in the performance , the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical , yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the hallmarks of Beethoven . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is the bossman ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the Pacific , but only one was of any consequence . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the beginning of his career , Patchen has adopted an anti-intellectual approach to poetry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subgroups of various types , interconnected by relational norms . (Filtered Words: 0)
If this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the universe is expanding . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before leaving for America , he happened to see his old friend [FILTERED] and confided to him his new resolutions . (Filtered Words: 1)
I kept on being thankful . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the Christophers' lawn , little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party . (Filtered Words: 0)
Outraged , he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial , sending immediately to Santa Fe and [FILTERED] for documents to vindicate himself , and demanding that [FILTERED] reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym . (Filtered Words: 2)
Now , some of the acknowledgments were cautious , but all were interested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players , which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess he wants to ask you some questions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names , the editorial principles laid down by [FILTERED] in his great edition of Asser and in his Crawford Charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Let's just remember , Sergeant , that we must all carry our own umbrella . (Filtered Words: 0)
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was a high mark for Mama . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record . (Filtered Words: 0)
How did you find out about this '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
It forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical commentators had been placed . (Filtered Words: 0)
In fact , short of fleeing to Warrenton , Virginia , or Rockville , Maryland , white people may have to live with Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had just finished unlacing the right one when the telephone rang again . (Filtered Words: 0)
My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
In the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to gamble two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the Catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well-stretched , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest . (Filtered Words: 0)
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . (Filtered Words: 0)
They lacked time to prepare the Congo , as the British and French had prepared their colonies . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those who lived in that desolation of rocky deformity took on some of the moraine's stony character . (Filtered Words: 0)
Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax . (Filtered Words: 0)
First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : the first hearing was fascinating and the second disillusioning as the gap between sound and substance became clearer . (Filtered Words: 0)
$80 by 1981 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs . (Filtered Words: 0)
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af , and so that Af , etc. . (Filtered Words: 0)
More potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the minutiae which are of the very stuff of the mind , intrinsic , because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hasn't used it now for several years . (Filtered Words: 0)
These conditions man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ball lay there , shining white on the grass in view of nearly every fan in the park while [FILTERED] , red-necked with frustration , charged about the small patch of ground screaming , `` Where's the -- -ing ball '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
Not really startled , but careful to appear so , Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted . (Filtered Words: 0)
Selecting a farm (Filtered Words: 0)
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis . (Filtered Words: 0)
It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Customer '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` O Blessed Virgin Mary , Mother of God and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon England , thy `` dowry '' , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Maybe '' , [FILTERED] said idly , watching for [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
A brief for the negative (Filtered Words: 0)
No , he had been surprised , unpleasantly surprised , but surprised . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant . (Filtered Words: 0)
The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building . (Filtered Words: 0)
Interviews with members of the [FILTERED] population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population . (Filtered Words: 1)
The state's rights position was formulated by [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than [FILTERED]ians . (Filtered Words: 2)
He waited eagerly . (Filtered Words: 0)
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator . (Filtered Words: 0)
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A maid told us that she still bragged about getting $50 a date . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at Grafton to the troops operating in the interior . (Filtered Words: 0)
The orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing . (Filtered Words: 0)
The inmates were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once inside the luxuriosly-upholstered landau , she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army inductees . (Filtered Words: 0)
A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet . (Filtered Words: 0)
otherwise no peace is possible . (Filtered Words: 0)
You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He chose one from Mr. [FILTERED]'s window , a plain guitar with no fancy polish . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Moscow , June 18 (Filtered Words: 0)
For , after leaving the Army in 1956 , I spent five years in Graduate School first at Boston College and then at the University of Toronto . (Filtered Words: 0)
He demanded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me , long ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart , I have left my grudge at the altar and forgiven my neighbor '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality , as [FILTERED] showed forty years ago , and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Matthew 6 : 14-15 . (Filtered Words: 0)
That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan , as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue , where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights , [FILTERED] and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing . (Filtered Words: 1)
however the President , who would like to woo the former Chinese province away from both Peking and Moscow , would promise [FILTERED] nothing more than an abstention by the U.S. if [FILTERED] admission comes to a vote . (Filtered Words: 2)
He is coming back , isn't he , [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
They were both painters , ( They were ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people . (Filtered Words: 0)
or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair . (Filtered Words: 0)
Calls proposal modest (Filtered Words: 0)
Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Became `` Yes , the first half hour is tough , but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners , and this machinery is purchased from a Dallas-based firm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector [FILTERED] , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless . (Filtered Words: 1)
Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED]'s successor as publisher is Mr. [FILTERED] , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 . (Filtered Words: 2)
In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man , his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe [FILTERED] was right , and she was crazy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Authorities say that oldsters are a prime target . (Filtered Words: 0)
Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of [FILTERED]'s undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us . (Filtered Words: 1)
the stains weren't too apparent ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He wanted time , too , to review the United States' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating . (Filtered Words: 0)
The harder the choice , the more willing the league is to wade in . (Filtered Words: 0)
Ceramic modeling clay : red , white or buff . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area . (Filtered Words: 0)
The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
He is not interested in being named a full-time director . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] to confide in and consult . (Filtered Words: 2)
Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a book review of `` The Soviet Cultural Offensive '' , he says , `` Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders , the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes , as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy And Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or angular ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge . (Filtered Words: 0)
He could not go through the fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then , ignoring his own advice , said excitedly , `` But it does sound good . (Filtered Words: 1)
This also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Copernicus did not question it , Ptolemy could not . (Filtered Words: 0)
about 30 per cent call themselves Christians in order to keep up appearances and be considered respectable , and only the last 10 per cent are genuine Christians and believers in democracy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Modern Zen presentation to the West insists on the anti-authoritarian , highly pragmatic nature of the Zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire , action is based on direct self-confidence , and so on . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serving on the club's board are [FILTERED] , president ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
The whole length of Essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Lincoln and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak . (Filtered Words: 0)
A perceptive journalist , [FILTERED] , has phrased it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Yeah . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
28 . (Filtered Words: 0)
he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a vintner knows a vintage . (Filtered Words: 0)
The remains of the Portico of Octavia are now in front of you . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was watching me intently , a funny little half-smile on her lips . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Cromwell , of course . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there . (Filtered Words: 0)
She sought [FILTERED] out upstairs , her lips trembling . (Filtered Words: 1)
for example , those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
To one and all -- Good Days ahead ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
No one had screamed . (Filtered Words: 0)
He squatted by the head , gently placing the rifle on the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
All that is needed is for one man to feel self-confident enough to take the lead . (Filtered Words: 0)
Plebian dictators (Filtered Words: 0)
Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats . (Filtered Words: 2)
For the Coolidges , it was Mr. and Mrs. [FILTERED] of Boston , Massachusetts , owners of a large department store . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some had been there for years ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused . (Filtered Words: 0)
Things like that would increase rather than be done away with . (Filtered Words: 0)
All of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management . (Filtered Words: 0)
A carbine cracked more loudly , and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first time the nurse took him out of the lung , she said if he got frightened , she'd put him back for a second . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` No thank you very much '' , Schaffner had answered in his accented English . (Filtered Words: 0)
They married . (Filtered Words: 0)
This will not only protect the work table , but also assure a clean breakthrough . (Filtered Words: 0)
For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seward would be up there . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at this the one too-large cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raced by within twenty feet of her , roped her around the neck , but a lioness' neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the noose off . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] tried . (Filtered Words: 1)
The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asteroidal collisions are also thought to contribute material . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then , `` I'm not talking . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had , she said , heard that the plant was closing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accordingly , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Planes defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested optically which is greater than that established pictorially . (Filtered Words: 0)
This gives a rate of shear of Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
The moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must . (Filtered Words: 0)
but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Theater (Filtered Words: 0)
A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The President's personality would have opened that office to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now unsolder and disassemble the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two 3-3/4'' '' bars ( `` A '' and `` B '' pieces ) , which are soldered together . (Filtered Words: 0)
In accord with its penurious policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians . (Filtered Words: 0)
Men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He would have told her , but Victoria was yodeling . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Where'd you say you was born '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Is ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He left for work in high spirits . (Filtered Words: 0)
That was the day that [FILTERED] had told Warren about the Abbey of Solesmes . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist -- because of his wider accountability '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with [FILTERED] , he would have convicted `` somebody '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Trim excess clay from rim of mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close . (Filtered Words: 0)
He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
By mid-June , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wednesday nights after youth fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. [FILTERED]'s sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
There was the slight pain , but it was no different from the throbbing in his head . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first was the commune program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years . (Filtered Words: 0)
The study of Greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and [FILTERED] too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men . (Filtered Words: 1)
It depresses them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted , namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wish I was younger and less timid . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa . (Filtered Words: 0)
This Congress will see Premier [FILTERED] consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years . (Filtered Words: 1)
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone , `` Your father despises you '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
See illustration . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our people have been used to accepting things as they found them '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
for example , the Crusades , mission efforts , just wars . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sake . (Filtered Words: 0)
He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat . (Filtered Words: 0)
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
There , [FILTERED] lit a fire in a wire basket , and [FILTERED] dropped four sealed envelopes into the flames . (Filtered Words: 2)
The public's identification of [FILTERED] and the guitar is no happenstance . (Filtered Words: 1)
the greater the range of choice , the greater the rate of change . (Filtered Words: 0)
The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig . (Filtered Words: 0)
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev . (Filtered Words: 0)
Through quiet laughter his mother said , `` Don't speak to your father like that , [FILTERED] '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
One wife , described by a New York psychologist , so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule , writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy , these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guards came to life with astonishing menace . (Filtered Words: 0)
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , [FILTERED] told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them . (Filtered Words: 1)
I am a magazine ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment . (Filtered Words: 1)
There may be a case of this sort , but it is not one we wish to argue , here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes . (Filtered Words: 0)
therefore , we have measured two different characteristics . (Filtered Words: 0)
Without careful qualification this can be misleading . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a project for regaining the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's arsenal of unlimited weapons . (Filtered Words: 0)
he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodging , and housebreaking . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one . (Filtered Words: 0)
We wish the President would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the battle-cry of the party that lost the election . (Filtered Words: 0)
The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , Slate related . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today . (Filtered Words: 0)
He admitted his behavior , and defended it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am saying you're not a professional ballplayer '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . (Filtered Words: 0)
All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges , the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fence , his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him , was made of rails , all right , but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it . (Filtered Words: 0)
I told [FILTERED] so . (Filtered Words: 1)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
carcinoma of prostate ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pike's honor would now come under attack , but not by [FILTERED] himself . (Filtered Words: 1)
Only the teacher and other professional personnel are permitted to see or use these records . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who was with us last month ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
He knew all about it and had put it down in journal form in The War In A Black Shirt , a wonderful book not , for some strange reason , published in the U.S. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally . (Filtered Words: 0)
Telephone communication was bad . (Filtered Words: 0)
The duration and other circumstances of the Selden case made it a flagrant example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions . (Filtered Words: 0)
The school raises enough poultry , pigs , and beef cattle for most of their needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
And that was not all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Seven Founders -- [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] -- determined the destinies of the new nation . (Filtered Words: 7)
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , President [FILTERED] said , `` As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit , with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance , should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
The History takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys , and like Britain in the nineteenth century it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Expected of a commander (Filtered Words: 0)
Some predictions had been made concerning factors R , N , I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity . (Filtered Words: 0)
they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Goolick , goooolick '' , creaked a sea gull . (Filtered Words: 0)
And [FILTERED] would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would , just like everybody knew all along . (Filtered Words: 1)
He did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local stations' not doing this -- but nothing happened . (Filtered Words: 0)
A proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of Polk's Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at Dalton . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` Gloucester Harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in [FILTERED]'s art . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] (Filtered Words: 1)
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
Classified ads are also chockfull of misrelated constructions . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- For its final change of bill in its London season , the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a `` gala program '' at the Royal Opera House , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
This family of Luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . (Filtered Words: 0)
with [FILTERED] he did `` The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up . (Filtered Words: 0)
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops -- thus the old bridge has another distinction ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Work on Volume 2 , was begun in 1941 , interrupted by the war in 1942 , and resumed in 1945 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second , our military missile program , going forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration . (Filtered Words: 0)
He tried to order the words of the three Union officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . (Filtered Words: 0)
Only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power : in Guatemala . (Filtered Words: 0)
Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same . (Filtered Words: 0)
Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity , those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that , while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy , it is difficult to date one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
The pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual guidance conference . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or at least not to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . (Filtered Words: 0)
I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the Chinese , as the Albanian incident shows , have strong suspicions that Khrushchev is anxious to secure a `` shameful '' peace with the West . (Filtered Words: 0)
Jubal's conversations coming and going -- Jubal's words troubled him most ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I don't know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drug's chemical name : (Filtered Words: 0)
Montero was shouting . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` If you hadn't I'd have killed you '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement . (Filtered Words: 0)
The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wasn't so sure about the boy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms . (Filtered Words: 0)
The rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 0)
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Emission spectra indicated Af calcium and all other impurities much lower . (Filtered Words: 0)
and I asked myself a question : Suppose I had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body , how large an area would they cover ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The discovery struck Nick like a blow . (Filtered Words: 0)
There were also a couple in Canada , and several in England . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
The flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than 275-degrees-F ( 135*0C. ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
A little later , the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The kid's froze good . (Filtered Words: 0)
With few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at dockside , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , oftentimes at no additional cost . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You mean that rock-and-roll combo ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both techniques give the music purity and clarity . (Filtered Words: 0)
So the plot creaks , the sets are decaying , the costumes are pre-historic , the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing . (Filtered Words: 0)
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Our own people . (Filtered Words: 0)
They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her . (Filtered Words: 1)
The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America . (Filtered Words: 0)
We have two media for publicizing individual technical activity , a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company , and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names , the editorial principles laid down by [FILTERED] in his great edition of Asser and in his Crawford Charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today . (Filtered Words: 1)
Moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Uh-huh '' , [FILTERED] admitted . (Filtered Words: 1)
Thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete objectification in sub-human and quasi-mechanistic powers . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred . (Filtered Words: 0)
The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
A rabbit punch redoubled him . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` One day our species promises co-existence , and the next day it threatens co-extinction '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning , most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , that's your business , Mr. [FILTERED] '' , said [FILTERED] , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. [FILTERED]' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window . (Filtered Words: 3)
The crowd at the twenty-first annual K. of C. Games , final indoor meet of the season , got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender , bespectacled woman broke the one-week-old world record in the half-mile run . (Filtered Words: 0)
One knows better , now , who has bone and who has jelly in his spine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions . (Filtered Words: 0)
For some reason , none of them were impressed with the territorial capital . (Filtered Words: 0)
Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all . (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It almost always works out for the best . (Filtered Words: 0)
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , [FILTERED] wrote [FILTERED]'s daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing . (Filtered Words: 2)
the purpose was less immediate . (Filtered Words: 0)
So you turn around '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a spectacle he was , caked with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , kissing the finest , the sweetest , the bravest , and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle . (Filtered Words: 0)
When radio came in , it continued the misplaced modifier in its routines as a standard device . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a new [FILTERED] and the Vatican was making itself heard and felt these days . (Filtered Words: 1)
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either . (Filtered Words: 0)
Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal . (Filtered Words: 0)
I recommend it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Protection from fire (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the barkeep . (Filtered Words: 0)
If we go all gooey over this newest [FILTERED] ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads . (Filtered Words: 1)
A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences (Filtered Words: 0)
The Italian master [FILTERED] , no less sensitive , knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's adhesion to a wet two-lane road at 165 miles an hour as a matter best expressed in algebraic formulae . (Filtered Words: 1)
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin -- (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I guess it helps '' , I said , paying no attention to his ribbing . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then she heard Julia phone me . (Filtered Words: 0)
You just -- `` Hello ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws . (Filtered Words: 0)
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
Various metal ions have been found to protect plasma arylesterase against inactivation by urea and guanidine . (Filtered Words: 0)
After a few minutes he said , `` I can't use you if you dance like that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss Pulova has a voice that [FILTERED] once described as `` like chipping teeth with a screw driver '' , and her round , opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will rise during lapse conditions . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , in a fit of despair , takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in Burbank ( Fink calls it `` the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life '' ) , at the end of which Alicia tragically contracts Parkinson's disease and dies . (Filtered Words: 1)
The striptease is crass ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated . (Filtered Words: 0)
The State Department tacitly rejected the neutral Laos idea after the Geneva conference of 1954 , and last year Washington backed the rightist coup that ousted neutral Premier [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But do you know something curious '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
A general classification given grass-fed cattle was `` grassers '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It took a tragedy to bring things to a head . (Filtered Words: 0)
America , America , God mend thy every flaw , confirm thy soul in self control , the liberty in law . (Filtered Words: 0)
A brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than 6000 tons of timber . (Filtered Words: 0)
They wouldn't go hungry , not yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again . (Filtered Words: 1)
To his Harvard colleague , [FILTERED] , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , [FILTERED] could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The railroad , claiming deprivation of property without due process of law , sought injunctive relief . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet Britain In The Nineteenth Century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be reprinted up to the very present . (Filtered Words: 0)
I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge . (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca. 450 ) influx of Germans as the type of invasions . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What boat '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The Vice President said , `` If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me know . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St. Thomas Aquinas Monday . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years , though the value of these estimates is open to question . (Filtered Words: 0)
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . (Filtered Words: 0)
The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of Af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 M neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions , and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
There are brain-wracking searches for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea . (Filtered Words: 0)
I grinned at Rachel . (Filtered Words: 0)
He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the [FILTERED] inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . (Filtered Words: 0)
New simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body . (Filtered Words: 0)
Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East . (Filtered Words: 0)
He followed Mr. [FILTERED] up the cellar stairs . (Filtered Words: 1)
I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well '' , [FILTERED] ventured , `` why don't we hold an investigation with questioning and '' -- (Filtered Words: 1)
At this point the drains are readjusted so that the suds box drain will discharge directly into the waste line and the main tub drain is set at the 2-1/2 mark on the drain gauge . (Filtered Words: 0)
These seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit , a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
I'll see you Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts , and I think Mr. [FILTERED] has done it well in his new book American Might And [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
They would have to bide their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Symphony Of The Air , greatly assisted by [FILTERED] , last night got its seven-concert Beethoven cycle at Carnegie Hall off to a good start . (Filtered Words: 1)
2 (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of course I enjoyed 'most anything if I did it with [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
During this time 4,122,354 new members were brought into the fellowship . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] hesitated a moment . (Filtered Words: 1)
Here he sketched , sitting in their flowing gowns of linen and silk , young girls not yet twenty , some about to be married , some married a year or two . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What good will it really do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Local focus of programs (Filtered Words: 0)
Necessity for an over-all concept (Filtered Words: 0)
( 2 ) If earthquakes do occur at such depths , why not deeper ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
And getting them seemed a life's work . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drifting here and there . (Filtered Words: 0)
Drill two No. 50 holes , one in the insert and one in the locking bar spacer directly above it , and tap 2-56 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The telephone rang . (Filtered Words: 0)
What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men . (Filtered Words: 0)
The positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Let's hear it , anyway '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The white Buick hadn't moved away yet . (Filtered Words: 0)
Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation . (Filtered Words: 0)
If the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
He laughed and laughed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one would question such an errand . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and unscrewed the top , sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men , and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat . (Filtered Words: 0)
2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
No more . (Filtered Words: 0)
He and [FILTERED] were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was in the air . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart . (Filtered Words: 0)
The luminous gain of the discussed tube was calculated from [FILTERED]. ( 6 ) for the 16 possible combinations of S-11 and S-20 photocathodes and P-11 and P-20 phosphor screens , for night light and P-20 light input . (Filtered Words: 1)
Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , prolonging its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century . (Filtered Words: 0)
In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping , the A.M.A. , and the Veterinary Journal , among other repositories of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the john , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe . (Filtered Words: 0)
So choosing a good tree , he clambered up into it , found a comfortable notch , and curled up in it to sleep , like the tousled bear he was , with his hands across his chest , as though surfeited with honey . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition . (Filtered Words: 0)
The term `` sterilization '' applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , a partner in the Union Liquor company , 3247 [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , a teamster union slugger who is a buddy of [FILTERED] and a cousin of [FILTERED] , onetime gang chief ; ; (Filtered Words: 5)
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined (Filtered Words: 0)
Another woman , addressing Christmas cards , said to her husband : `` We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
He found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and bayed , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and [FILTERED] knew it was a hot trail . (Filtered Words: 1)
No return address whatsoever . (Filtered Words: 0)
That evening turned out to be hell like all the others . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s correspondence with brother [FILTERED] during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies . (Filtered Words: 2)
But what if somebody decides to break it ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have died '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shortage of sales management talent . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , 2 , 2:06 looked great in 2:22 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
In closing , Mr. [FILTERED] also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class . (Filtered Words: 1)
For the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of Jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in prophetic parody . (Filtered Words: 0)
Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage . (Filtered Words: 0)
Later the cleaning and restoration were ordered , first of the older part of the frieze , finally of the canopy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz , the musical group that he works with , the Chamber Jazz Sextet , is often ignored by jazz critics . (Filtered Words: 0)
The British and Canadian [FILTERED] , as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization , the American Red Cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed . (Filtered Words: 1)
Weaving seam (Filtered Words: 0)
Urge them to write out their questions for the box . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thus the transformation of [FILTERED] ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life . (Filtered Words: 1)
Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts . (Filtered Words: 0)
Indeed , we are forced to go much farther . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both you and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
The newer party campaigned heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the Moroccan merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years . (Filtered Words: 0)
That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . (Filtered Words: 0)
They , in effect , have compromised the opposing positions of the nineteenth century . (Filtered Words: 0)
Military or Naval Personnel on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Running in , running out . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] found Af to be trigonal , [FILTERED] symmetry Af , with Af , Af . (Filtered Words: 2)
In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both parties and the Ministry of the Interior were busily at work after the elections trying to unearth the political affiliations of the successful candidates and , thereby , give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance . (Filtered Words: 0)
He retreated a step and holstered his own . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was proud of the new buildings which housed [FILTERED] now : the rotogravures , gleaming behind glass doors ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community . (Filtered Words: 0)
When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , [FILTERED] went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another . (Filtered Words: 1)
President [FILTERED] couldn't stay away from his desk for the 75-minute young people's concert played on the White House lawn yesterday by the 85-piece Transylvania Symphony Orchestra from Brevard , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
She overplayed her hand '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , p , 3 ( by Adios ) in 2:26 ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED]'s solution doesn't appeal to me . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] is having his troubles with Layton Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover ) , but hopes to have him straightened out and going before long . (Filtered Words: 1)
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here . (Filtered Words: 0)
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
At that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer . (Filtered Words: 0)
Such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
( C ) (Filtered Words: 0)
It's the same with [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
At that time , during the Civil War , Union muskets were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being hand-filed with rattail files . (Filtered Words: 0)
but this is deceptive , for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the least alteration will change the quality . (Filtered Words: 0)
Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The magnification may be smaller , equal , or larger than unity . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation . (Filtered Words: 0)
He saw the surprise in her face , and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen . (Filtered Words: 0)
For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired . (Filtered Words: 0)
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was merely an attempt to frighten her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Still , it sometimes gives you a creepy feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The socialism implicit in the slogan of the Roosevelt Revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the First Amendment to the Constitution , or of the Jacksonian frontier . (Filtered Words: 0)
Acorns from the great oaks fed the small black pigs ( akin to [FILTERED] ) , whose `` carcass sweepstakes '' were renowned . (Filtered Words: 1)
Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once I had a religious emotion . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then I spent the next two days at the baseball park and at Jack Doyle's pool parlors . (Filtered Words: 0)
He oughta know . (Filtered Words: 0)
Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
Moreover , I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] looked at Hank Maguire . (Filtered Words: 1)
The thunderclaps over the sacred wood at Colonus and the storms in King Lear are caused by more than weather . (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable , local planetary motions . (Filtered Words: 0)
However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it did teach [FILTERED] the basic techniques of commercial art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia . (Filtered Words: 1)
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site . (Filtered Words: 0)
He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most interested `` students '' on the tour which the [FILTERED] group took at the National Gallery yesterday following their concert at the White House , was [FILTERED] , social secretary to First Lady [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
The pulsing glow of a cigarette . (Filtered Words: 0)
The other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Start on rapid transit (Filtered Words: 0)
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- It don't matter . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am certain that [FILTERED] will not fall into the same sad philosophy . (Filtered Words: 1)
Students help out (Filtered Words: 0)
What matters here is family loyalty ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
I just want you to take a message to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
He'd landed the plane on a small airstrip in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had coasted to a stop , everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everybody had heard of [FILTERED] , the French impressionist . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rather , meat and potatoes , sugar , and dairy products are the main sources of carbohydrate , protein , oils , and fats . (Filtered Words: 0)
The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen . (Filtered Words: 0)
People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fifty-seven returns could not be used because they were incomplete or received too late to be processed . (Filtered Words: 0)
They would feel what [FILTERED] was undergoing . (Filtered Words: 1)
Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
You can ignore Him . (Filtered Words: 0)
He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rector had no idea why [FILTERED] wanted to visit the mission . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses . (Filtered Words: 0)
everyone was very high on Rome that year . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself . (Filtered Words: 0)
and God allowed it . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` But it was inevitable ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You're staying right here for a while . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` La Dolce Vita '' has none of the senseless brutality or sadism of the average TV Western . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll do anything for somebody I like . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annapolis , Jan. 7 (Filtered Words: 0)
Testifies at hearing (Filtered Words: 0)
The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of alliteration ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year . (Filtered Words: 0)
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history . (Filtered Words: 0)
The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear . (Filtered Words: 0)
A number of C clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the next day -- Sunday . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only possible answer to that is , I am a suffering Franco-Irishman . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy , indifferent postures to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck [FILTERED] with horror . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded . (Filtered Words: 1)
No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The question left by the election is whether West Germany veers slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the point of view of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances . (Filtered Words: 0)
People depend less on seeds for foods in Australia , New Zealand , and Argentina , where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high . (Filtered Words: 0)
To this meek conjugation [FILTERED] had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket . (Filtered Words: 1)
Where was my flashlight ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While studying at the seminary in Andover , Adoniram had been working on a New Testament translation from the original Greek . (Filtered Words: 0)
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hardly expected the head of County Homicide up for this murder . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not long ago , I rode down with him in an elevator in Radio City ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor : (Filtered Words: 0)
The Frenchman's answer was a terse `` Vous dites vrai '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good God above , had not Domokous been enough ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He recognized the gesture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Businessmen deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business . (Filtered Words: 0)
The most valuable player award was split three ways , among [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
For their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , and their literary associations , they should be known and remembered . (Filtered Words: 0)
A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
This we can sympathetically understand . (Filtered Words: 0)
In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation . (Filtered Words: 0)
in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Others assisting (Filtered Words: 0)
They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
I'll see you Wednesday . (Filtered Words: 0)
the bridegroom's parents , the Barrett Wendells , who are returning from a winter holiday in Sarasota , Fla. , for the occasion ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Our conjecture is , then , that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work . (Filtered Words: 0)
The third , containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : 256 in saline , 1 : 512 in albumin and 1 : 1024 by the indirect Coombs test . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other methods will be described below . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands transluscent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another , in Naturam non Pati Senium , and perhaps also the De Idea Platonica . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle , however , to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety , for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased . (Filtered Words: 0)
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made the date for two o'clock in the afternoon at [FILTERED] pad . (Filtered Words: 1)
Furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties . (Filtered Words: 0)
The charges by the late junior Senator from Wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but misled the nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Basic pottery studio equipment . (Filtered Words: 0)
In a sense , [FILTERED]'s theory is simpler than Newton's , and there is a corresponding sense in which Copernicus' theory is simpler than Ptolemy's . (Filtered Words: 1)
She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to follow , a clue to guide her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let's resume our catalogue . (Filtered Words: 0)
For [FILTERED] , nothing is forbidden . (Filtered Words: 1)
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This problem usually determines the lower limit of loop gain rather than response time . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will you wear pink when you're sixty '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She might , conceivably , have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase . (Filtered Words: 0)
He talked about it to the Presiding Elder . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James , the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program . (Filtered Words: 0)
He will take over his new post Jan. 1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
You certainly couldn't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous breakdowns . (Filtered Words: 0)
They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America . (Filtered Words: 0)
The buckskin bolted out of the stall . (Filtered Words: 0)
He did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while [FILTERED] graciously putted out , giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better . (Filtered Words: 0)
She called , trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Already he could feel [FILTERED]'s questioning eyes . (Filtered Words: 1)
Why should I ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Hey '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
I used a Homemaster Routo-Jig made by Porter Cable for this job . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seemed endless . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development . (Filtered Words: 0)
True reality , of course , is the ideal , and the poet knows nothing of this ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And this seems to me untrue . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865 . (Filtered Words: 0)
As a source of investment capital , the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas . (Filtered Words: 0)
And the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right . (Filtered Words: 0)
Another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here . (Filtered Words: 0)
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
Serve on buns . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Old people have their idiosyncrasies '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who is the owner ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And , as we know , [FILTERED] are not producing as much as Khrushchev had hoped . (Filtered Words: 1)
We spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling . (Filtered Words: 0)
Arms plot charged (Filtered Words: 0)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
With tips , the girls average between $150 and $200 a week , depending on basic salary . (Filtered Words: 0)
In all the bitter in-fighting , the squabbles over election procedures , the complicated numbers game that East and West played on the assistant secretaries' theme , the gentleman from Burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled diplomat . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You've not had your breakfast yet , gran'dad '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What it does : (Filtered Words: 0)
The tale , he thought , would become less gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration . (Filtered Words: 0)
At last he found it in the paper of April 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of society's members . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apparently , a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market . (Filtered Words: 0)
The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung . (Filtered Words: 0)
Respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( Part G of the questionnaire ) (Filtered Words: 0)
He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14 , 1777 . (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery . (Filtered Words: 0)
Add ham ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
General Power would participate in the decision making . (Filtered Words: 0)
Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the American diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry . (Filtered Words: 0)
Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under another law , hundreds of farms were seized . (Filtered Words: 0)
She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
As for the paid Hessians from other states , we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty , I have nothing but contempt . (Filtered Words: 0)
Also , it's far too early in the day for corny lines like the bigger they come You've had your gassy lecture , let's get to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
and [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of nineteenth century American letters . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` I can manage '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war . (Filtered Words: 0)
To eat is human , the nation is learning to think , to survive divine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Flexural strength : (Filtered Words: 0)
The room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window . (Filtered Words: 0)
she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen . (Filtered Words: 0)
by the same token , we reject any Soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or subversion . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much head start ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages (Filtered Words: 0)
Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knew he couldn't . (Filtered Words: 0)
A domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used . (Filtered Words: 0)
They hail from Travancore , a state in the subcontinent where [FILTERED] , the goddess of death , is worshiped . (Filtered Words: 1)
A final word (Filtered Words: 0)
Oso gave me an unruffled look . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seventh man was [FILTERED] , a wiry little puncher with a wild streak and a liking for hell-raising . (Filtered Words: 1)
He could imagine her at this minute , honeymooning in Nassau with what's-his-name , lounging on golden sands , looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What did you want me to do , kiss him ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When a hole is to be bored to a predetermined depth , mark the depth on the side of the stock , then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community . (Filtered Words: 0)
And I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling -- including lumber , asphalt shingles , glass block , face brick , plaster , lime , hardboard , gypsum wallboard and sheathing , cement , insulation sheathing , floor tile , acoustical tile , plaster base , and asbestos shingles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Autos whizzed past . (Filtered Words: 0)
They may be inaccessible later . (Filtered Words: 0)
Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have no one but myself to worry about '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the [FILTERED] administration has felt compelled to make . (Filtered Words: 1)
Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was calm , drugged , and lazy . (Filtered Words: 0)
This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out and out and never to return again . (Filtered Words: 0)
During one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons . (Filtered Words: 0)
She served one four-year term on the national committee . (Filtered Words: 0)
And this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb . (Filtered Words: 0)
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man . (Filtered Words: 0)
Harriet was just as delighted . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
You realize you are getting in the old fogy class . (Filtered Words: 0)
Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Then , after a while , she went to her mirror . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was that prick Coughlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mines . (Filtered Words: 0)
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved . (Filtered Words: 0)
3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was not a pet . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Gracias . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dennis , 6 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Alice , for goodness sake '' -- (Filtered Words: 0)
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes' ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] had never seen so much money . (Filtered Words: 1)
the head dropped off ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things . (Filtered Words: 0)
The detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . (Filtered Words: 0)
Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending . (Filtered Words: 0)
In other words , the Secretary General is to be a nonpartisan , international servant , not a political , national one . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the beer hall riot in Subic had been unusual , too , and [FILTERED] was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in rabble rousing . (Filtered Words: 1)
One had to have friends , and a congenial life in after-duty hours . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was trembling , a strange feeling upon him , fully expecting some catastrophe to strike him dead on the spot . (Filtered Words: 0)
On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
On top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent , and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired , they were evicted . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you take the one , you'd better take both '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
She wouldn't go back to New York as [FILTERED] suggested ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and [FILTERED] to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . (Filtered Words: 1)
He stood up and touched the girl's arm . (Filtered Words: 0)
The merit of the pie , [FILTERED] believed , was due more to its making than to the waning heat of the oven . (Filtered Words: 1)
Fall River is not a fashionable town . (Filtered Words: 0)
They had to be told that one . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] admired [FILTERED]'s spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team . (Filtered Words: 2)
Vacations (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in [FILTERED]'s office . (Filtered Words: 1)
But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . (Filtered Words: 0)
As A moral shocker it is a dud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hans rubbed the kid with more snow rubbed rubbed . (Filtered Words: 0)
The taunt was lost on [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Vases : (Filtered Words: 0)
The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . (Filtered Words: 0)
foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
As Littlepage noted : `` A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations . (Filtered Words: 0)
From the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer , and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages . (Filtered Words: 0)
I worked on the Schuylkill Expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an Expressway . (Filtered Words: 0)
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them . (Filtered Words: 0)
The order of fitting is not too important . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , Tomas , but you wouldn't heed it '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all good men . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 3 . (Filtered Words: 0)
He wore perforated , white-topped shoes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
C . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't take it like this '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Scientific systems , and this includes even the relation of mechanist to relativist physics , are built upon , refined and corrected . (Filtered Words: 0)
Schopenhauer never learned (Filtered Words: 0)
Resignedly , Macklin turned to the back door . (Filtered Words: 0)
If you are up against private brand competition , have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
the hard , jolting tackles ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The doctor , since [FILTERED] was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him , came often and informally to the house . (Filtered Words: 1)
His saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen , and one year durin' a severe blizzard , when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces , he said , `` Cheer up , boys , whatever happens , the books won't freeze '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . (Filtered Words: 0)
16 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] , everything's [FILTERED] Ain't it , Mr. [FILTERED] '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 3)
How to feed : (Filtered Words: 0)
Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'll be ready next time '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete `` talent sheets '' and pledge cards . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Jews had been banished from England in 1290 and were not permitted to return before 1655 , when [FILTERED] had been dead for thirty-nine years . (Filtered Words: 1)
After signing a motion-picture contract , she came to America and had `` Goodbye , Mr. [FILTERED] '' as her first assignment after a year's wait . (Filtered Words: 1)
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
As controls , other sections were similarly treated with Af or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus ( Wolcyrz and Black , 1956 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mixed herd '' meant a herd of mixed sexes , while a `` straight steer herd '' was one composed entirely of steers , and when the cowman spoke of `` mixed cattle '' , he meant cattle of various grades , ages , and sexes . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
One of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a non-linear amplifier for Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
Having hedged its bets in this way , PHS apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all : `` At present radiation levels , and even at somewhat higher levels , the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The boy dropped his eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
He looked off to the crest of the Sierras , still white-topped ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Pa'd been shit-sick in that pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs . (Filtered Words: 0)
its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish . (Filtered Words: 0)
Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
But the girl said only , `` Tell him I am here , that I have come '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons' aerial thrusts in the late stages . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 . (Filtered Words: 0)
But to the Minutemen , this is a serious business . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sec. 2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Constant problem (Filtered Words: 0)
Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But they were not . (Filtered Words: 0)
Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more . (Filtered Words: 0)
Philadelphia , Pa. ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
At headquarters -- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war -- [FILTERED] found that the Commander in Chief's only desk was his knees ( and his only comb , his fingers ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] started to say something but Eddie cut him short . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it didn't seem fair . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said she didn't know a thing -- [FILTERED] had left the house at six in the morning , as usual . (Filtered Words: 1)
They thundered at him . (Filtered Words: 0)
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Origen was forced . (Filtered Words: 0)
She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Brown ( 1959 ) has reviewed generally the various methods of assaying TSH , and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject . (Filtered Words: 0)
Life was a short play of tenebrous shadows . (Filtered Words: 0)
No novels . (Filtered Words: 0)
I'm well aware that you've got a pedigree as long as my leg , and that I don't amount to anything . (Filtered Words: 0)
The fencing by the roadside ended . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely face of Sergeant Styka . (Filtered Words: 1)
it was even beautiful . (Filtered Words: 0)
Social characteristics (Filtered Words: 0)
When you disliked or distrusted a man , you should have a reason . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beyond were industries and factories . (Filtered Words: 0)
the art of preprinting in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Obviously , a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil . (Filtered Words: 0)
After making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany . (Filtered Words: 0)
Well , don't worry . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] would have to wait , she knew . (Filtered Words: 1)
It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body . (Filtered Words: 0)
God dammit , get . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] a 2'' '' or 3'' '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool . (Filtered Words: 1)
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming . (Filtered Words: 0)
Everything from poetry to phonetics , history to histrionics , philosophy to party games has been adapted to the turntable . (Filtered Words: 0)
Eyes swerved in the patronne's head , [FILTERED] coughed loudly , and the doctor , with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him , took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps . (Filtered Words: 1)
During one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street . (Filtered Words: 0)
At the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. [FILTERED] about [FILTERED] connections . (Filtered Words: 2)
[FILTERED] had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . (Filtered Words: 1)
The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks . (Filtered Words: 0)
And surely his [FILTERED] has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant . (Filtered Words: 1)
The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's big business (Filtered Words: 0)
The Alabama and [FILTERED] rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply . (Filtered Words: 1)
Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs , including pay for active , reserve , and retired military personnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were swarming from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure . (Filtered Words: 0)
Accepted crystallographic symbolism has been used ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft . (Filtered Words: 0)
From time to time the medium mentions other people `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying . (Filtered Words: 0)
He put down his pipe and started to type . (Filtered Words: 0)
For outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and formability , strongly dominates the picture . (Filtered Words: 0)
Present conservation practices regard wildlife , not as an expendable natural resource , but as an annual harvest to be sown and also reaped . (Filtered Words: 0)
my nerves are as strong . (Filtered Words: 0)
Out at the airport each morning , Fogg's skilled mechanic [FILTERED] would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar . (Filtered Words: 1)
Of course , one of them would have to go and do this ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance . (Filtered Words: 0)
On December 5 he paced a mile in 55 on the twice-around , out in third position all the way . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] screamed . (Filtered Words: 1)
) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated [FILTERED] who was crazy about ham . (Filtered Words: 1)
( F ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The present writer certainly agrees with that statement , and would also affirm this -- in the order of justice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Now , the next morning , they were anchored at The Elbow and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 fathoms , with the weighted line beside it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year , said that his private practice was not lucrative . (Filtered Words: 1)
This facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't come back for over two . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] is a defensive coach . (Filtered Words: 1)
It seems to me the time has come for the American press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends . (Filtered Words: 0)
Leave me alone , Gun thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
How foolish it was to try to fathom the truth in an area where only faith would suffice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Penny lowered her eyes . (Filtered Words: 0)
At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders [FILTERED] gracefully making her way through the crowd . (Filtered Words: 1)
( D ) (Filtered Words: 0)
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman . (Filtered Words: 0)
Turning in at the Flannagans' driveway , he tried to remember if he had ever met them . (Filtered Words: 0)
Laboratory astrophysics . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Damn the world '' , she thought . (Filtered Words: 0)
He smiled . (Filtered Words: 0)
On the second landing he paused to look for [FILTERED] , didn't see him , and accepted a glass of champagne . (Filtered Words: 1)
So it is with Great Expectations , whether the hands be [FILTERED]'s as he strikes down Mrs. [FILTERED] or [FILTERED]'s as he steals a pie from her pantry . (Filtered Words: 3)
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am a carpet salesman . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is , I am reliably given to understand , the technical argot for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold . (Filtered Words: 0)
This dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says [FILTERED] , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` Belshazzar feasts '' , at which `` politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Right in my pocket '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin . (Filtered Words: 0)
Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , [FILTERED] said . (Filtered Words: 1)
Speaking as a non-Jew I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
I never wear anything at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
For an antique effect on jars , brush Creek-Turn brown toner on bisque ware and sponge it off . (Filtered Words: 0)
A completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
refusal to adjudicate is another . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were all good men . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a brief interruption while one of O'Banion's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was pestering him for a tip . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate . (Filtered Words: 0)
) (Filtered Words: 0)
) On the other hand , even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied , the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But Mr. [FILTERED] and the driver of the sports car waved at each other . (Filtered Words: 1)
In 1846 [FILTERED] , jeweler and watchmaker , became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the Equinox House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Out cold , if not dead ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The rhinos would panic , screaming help ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F. until lightly brown . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's just like that book your Northern friend wrote -- except there aren't any ice floes to cross and no bloodhounds '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , come on [FILTERED] , play with us just onct '' , one of the little girls begged , smiling wistfully . (Filtered Words: 1)
Beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston , S.C. , Natchez , Miss. , and Savannah , Ga. . (Filtered Words: 0)
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore . (Filtered Words: 0)
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . (Filtered Words: 0)
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In general , any outcome we choose may be labeled `` success '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
) of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population , reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain . (Filtered Words: 0)
( page 34 ) (Filtered Words: 0)
The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the Aj . (Filtered Words: 0)
Actively modernizing societies (Filtered Words: 0)
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fat , hey ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
He again began to play the violin , and tucking the instrument beneath his chin , performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him . (Filtered Words: 0)
The director came to the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The presence of parasitic organisms such as [FILTERED] spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing . (Filtered Words: 1)
the specimen is magnified by the microscope . (Filtered Words: 0)
What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
While sovereignty has roots in antiquity , in its present usage it is essentially modern . (Filtered Words: 0)
Sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure . (Filtered Words: 0)
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard . (Filtered Words: 0)
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action . (Filtered Words: 0)
Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance . (Filtered Words: 0)
The displacement ( at least to a considerable extent ) of the ethical jurisprudence of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries by positivism reshaped both international law theory and doctrine . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] lit his pipe with no comfort . (Filtered Words: 1)
Leaving her house one late afternoon , Mrs. [FILTERED] stopped to admire the October light . (Filtered Words: 1)
Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls . (Filtered Words: 0)
An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road . (Filtered Words: 0)
The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in East India Company territory . (Filtered Words: 0)
When [FILTERED] had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs , she would go to the Big House . (Filtered Words: 1)
And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched , and she was treading lightly up and down with her hind feet . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was free to sail on . (Filtered Words: 1)
If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too . (Filtered Words: 0)
If so , are you saying , `` Where did the last few years go ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years . (Filtered Words: 0)
But at least the question has been raised . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
it is sacred . (Filtered Words: 0)
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested . (Filtered Words: 0)
Like [FILTERED] , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead [FILTERED] through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Well , really there is none at all . (Filtered Words: 0)
Gain of fiber coupled image intensifiers (Filtered Words: 0)
And the man who brought sweet potatoes into Kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . (Filtered Words: 0)
whereupon [FILTERED] broke down into convulsions of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the Fellowship . (Filtered Words: 1)
it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name , placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this test a Af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of Af with a clearance of 0.002'' '' on each side of the tape . (Filtered Words: 0)
Patterson Moos research (Filtered Words: 0)
Twice previously the Senate has approved measures backing ETV and the House has let them die . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Comment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
What Hume calls `` sensation '' is what Whitehead calls `` perception in the mode of presentational immediacy '' which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Do you really believe that , Jan '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel . (Filtered Words: 0)
Other awards for Juniors (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was more than joy . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in Nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in China for many centuries . (Filtered Words: 0)
Governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday . (Filtered Words: 0)
the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty murmured , `` No , thanks '' , so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aces ( ones ) with three dice . (Filtered Words: 0)
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West . (Filtered Words: 0)
So , he understood her panic . (Filtered Words: 0)
Boredom is death . (Filtered Words: 0)
structure and properties of macromolecules (Filtered Words: 0)
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use . (Filtered Words: 0)
She frowned . (Filtered Words: 0)
At one time about 10,000 people lived there . (Filtered Words: 0)
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization . (Filtered Words: 0)
The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting . (Filtered Words: 0)
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem . (Filtered Words: 0)
We know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren . (Filtered Words: 0)
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles . (Filtered Words: 0)
Of the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlier ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
And watch for a headline from this pair any time now . (Filtered Words: 0)
The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Dr. [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
Cady , deep in thought , neither heard nor answered . (Filtered Words: 0)
He liked looking at Anne . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm going to walk up to the horses , bold as brass , pretending I'm one of the guerrillas . (Filtered Words: 0)
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( [FILTERED] ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside [FILTERED]'s works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to [FILTERED]'s time . (Filtered Words: 2)
One of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma arylesterases to rare earth ions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
I thought I knew . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
But Corporal [FILTERED] has alreadeh said it didn make no diffrunce t'hi-im '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the United States , most of the sensors are calibrated by dropping small spheres on their sensitive surfaces . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight . (Filtered Words: 0)
He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] thought . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I want to tell you something [FILTERED] Lord . (Filtered Words: 1)
He was doing thirty years , and the Navy would take care of him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Once again , both anti-A and anti-B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is . (Filtered Words: 0)
Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that [FILTERED] and I be there . (Filtered Words: 1)
Sulfaquinoxaline . (Filtered Words: 0)
The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1-degree . (Filtered Words: 0)
in 1960 , we granted 334 . (Filtered Words: 0)
The board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship functions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board . (Filtered Words: 0)
The terminal hospital admission on June 27 , 1959 , was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids . (Filtered Words: 0)
in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' Roman Catholic parish . (Filtered Words: 0)
In mid-September 1918 , the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Wider discretionary choices for customers . (Filtered Words: 0)
Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as Strukturbericht . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] took a razor to [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]. , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome . (Filtered Words: 3)
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay . (Filtered Words: 0)
Who's '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone . (Filtered Words: 1)
The angle Af is measured in the medium of index Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Americans eat too much . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fiscal years in other states (Filtered Words: 0)
But fusion power in the Coal Sack was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard . (Filtered Words: 0)
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour . (Filtered Words: 0)
And at once [FILTERED] saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it . (Filtered Words: 1)
it's a single-shot bolt-action with an automatic safety -- i.e. , the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] to see you go . (Filtered Words: 1)
U.S. Government Purchasing , Specifications , And Sales Directory , 60 cents , are available from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. . (Filtered Words: 0)
Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . (Filtered Words: 0)
Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] smiled at [FILTERED] pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . (Filtered Words: 2)
Like a wise gardener , Hardy pruned away the Shakespearian sonnets and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish . (Filtered Words: 0)
He heaved the dead man onto the buckboard , yelled and lashed at the team and got out of there fast . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] begged the question . (Filtered Words: 1)
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined . (Filtered Words: 0)
No matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , Colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will be recalled that in his summation for the A.L.A.M. before Judge [FILTERED] , [FILTERED] had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the American industrial community . (Filtered Words: 2)
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . (Filtered Words: 0)
At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present [FILTERED] Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity . (Filtered Words: 1)
It could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is the question now facing President [FILTERED] : How to put a stop to the Soviet buildup in Cuba and to Communist infiltration of this hemisphere ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide . (Filtered Words: 0)
He got his hat out of the closet . (Filtered Words: 0)
The gentle Channing , revered by all Bostonians , orthodox or [FILTERED] , wrote to a friend in Louisville that among its many virtues Boston did not abound in a tolerant spirit , that the yoke of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` No city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual inspections and what is called public sentiment . (Filtered Words: 1)
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to [FILTERED] , so she could translate for [FILTERED] , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . (Filtered Words: 2)
Colonel [FILTERED] , impersonated , will again make his break-neck ride down the steep declivity of [FILTERED]'s ( now College ) Hill and thunder across the bridge to join Colonel [FILTERED] ( West ) Virginia Infantry , then swarming through the streets in pursuit of the retreating Confederates . (Filtered Words: 3)
Under the circumstances , however , the team considered it would provide the most useful information at this point . (Filtered Words: 0)
13 . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the meantime , generations keep being born , bitterness is increased by incompetence , pride , and folly , and the world shrinks around us . (Filtered Words: 0)
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved . (Filtered Words: 0)
No one saw Stacy leave . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] remained in trance ; ; (Filtered Words: 1)
Then the words fell into a pattern : `` [FILTERED] the Mutton is scratching her nose , Scratching her nose in the rain . (Filtered Words: 1)
If anyone had asked her , she would have described herself only as nervous and worried . (Filtered Words: 0)
First of all , to Italy for a short vacation -- [FILTERED] , a place he loves . (Filtered Words: 1)
To begin with , [FILTERED] is a trickster in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of courtship for his master . (Filtered Words: 1)
( But that is another story . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] turned away . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] added : `` I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. [FILTERED] whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei '' . (Filtered Words: 2)
The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead . (Filtered Words: 0)
For all concerned with social-welfare legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear , profound and far-reaching . (Filtered Words: 0)
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act . (Filtered Words: 0)
He moved ahead carefully , his left hand in front of him , and came to a wooden partition . (Filtered Words: 0)
Because of the political upheaval in Germany in the 1930's , [FILTERED] was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community . (Filtered Words: 1)
Push-ups (Filtered Words: 0)
If you have a higher-quality product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Gavin paused wearily . (Filtered Words: 0)
No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
The half-man lay on the ground , arteries pulsating prettily behind the half-transparent film which protected his abdominal cavity . (Filtered Words: 0)
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was about to get up so I got out , slamming the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Introduction continues : `` (Filtered Words: 0)
and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a `` turf '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the cowboy used the word `` tailin's '' , he meant stragglers . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` There's no chance now of all of us getting away . (Filtered Words: 0)
Pink , [FILTERED] once had told him , was for baby girls , and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy . (Filtered Words: 1)
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd . (Filtered Words: 0)
The relative geographical isolation of the [FILTERED] population makes for a limited choice in mating . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hold your fire '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
It could have been [FILTERED] or [FILTERED] for the way it smelled . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Suppose you let me explain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Some have beautiful gardens -- some not even a blade of grass . (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been a number of sound plans proposed . (Filtered Words: 0)
I can do business with that kind '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
What matter the others so long as I have my place in history '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before . (Filtered Words: 0)
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Shu-tt up-pp ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` In the present '' , Felix proclaimed . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mr. [FILTERED] has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . (Filtered Words: 1)
Hearst disclaimed blame for this , but the conversation , according to [FILTERED] , ended on a tart note . (Filtered Words: 1)
Results (Filtered Words: 0)
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to [FILTERED] stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` Article 19 : : (Filtered Words: 0)
This is not a social call . (Filtered Words: 0)
To my way of thinking , he was scared sick . (Filtered Words: 0)
Held : On the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which [FILTERED] said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 3)
That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant . (Filtered Words: 0)
They were , in effect his last testament to non-objective art . (Filtered Words: 0)
I kept trying to get him to take my money . (Filtered Words: 0)
He handed the guard's rifle to [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , P , on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole . (Filtered Words: 0)
But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by [FILTERED] ( chap. 13 ) and Gallet ( chap. 14 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
The specificity of staining in WTV tumors with Af and Af but not with NS and Af or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and Af , and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover , indicate that an antigen of WTV was being stained . (Filtered Words: 0)
The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses . (Filtered Words: 0)
and along the terminal bronchiole ( figs. 14 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain . (Filtered Words: 0)
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was well past midnight . (Filtered Words: 0)
The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
I had always , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at 3:30 tomorrow and have a doubleheader at Quincy , Ill. , Saturday . (Filtered Words: 0)
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run . (Filtered Words: 0)
But Means kept on . (Filtered Words: 0)
I wasn't going to lug around a glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lord slugged him in the stomach , so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine . (Filtered Words: 0)
I want you here . (Filtered Words: 0)
In this sense also , they are surely conformists . (Filtered Words: 0)
He didn't seem to think that attaching a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the worktable equally lightly . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again . (Filtered Words: 0)
But he was always persuaded out . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have an appointment '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments . (Filtered Words: 0)
The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A ) (Filtered Words: 0)
`` He made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease . (Filtered Words: 0)
Are you following competition willy-nilly -- trying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
'' Finally , after almost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe . (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians' pelts . (Filtered Words: 0)
And now he was seeing her . (Filtered Words: 0)
The mudwagon had caught fire also . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beer , generally fermented from barley , is an old alcoholic beverage . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was always concerned with life , and he tried to picture it whole ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Mrs. [FILTERED] worked for the brain . (Filtered Words: 1)
At Geneva in 1954 , to get the war in Indo-China settled , the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state , North Viet Nam -- which then , predictably , became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos . (Filtered Words: 0)
The [FILTERED] interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end . (Filtered Words: 1)
In conclusion , he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself , he asked to be remembered to my wife and children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov. 15 , the same date as a $581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs . (Filtered Words: 0)
A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor . (Filtered Words: 0)
1 . (Filtered Words: 0)
( The purpose of the Junior Showmanship Competition is to teach and encourage Juniors to become good sportsmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beginners' guns , '61 (Filtered Words: 0)
It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of [FILTERED] defying his ulcer . (Filtered Words: 1)
They even accept the `` double standard '' of sex morality in a double sense , i.e. , both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women , and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men . (Filtered Words: 0)
By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the chapel-like auditorium with its discreet symbols of religious faiths . (Filtered Words: 0)
He turned to the window again . (Filtered Words: 0)
He hadn't touched her . (Filtered Words: 0)
If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) [FILTERED] astronomy would be simpler than Copernican . (Filtered Words: 1)
But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away . (Filtered Words: 0)
What a production to make of a letter commending your own son ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I'm not good at that kind of thing '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Don't you know all about me by this time ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
He asked to be appointed a preacher . (Filtered Words: 0)
As in the United States , there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week . (Filtered Words: 0)
He raged . (Filtered Words: 0)
He patted [FILTERED]'s thin shoulder paternally . (Filtered Words: 1)
A third volume remains to be published . (Filtered Words: 0)
to the editor of the Inquirer : (Filtered Words: 0)
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm . (Filtered Words: 0)
But do not dream . (Filtered Words: 0)
Experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the tabula rasa of an uninvolved intellect . (Filtered Words: 0)
Do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In rare cases , diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of satiety . (Filtered Words: 0)
7 . (Filtered Words: 0)
This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample . (Filtered Words: 0)
Aggie might fly into a closet , shut the door and bury her head in the clothes ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Every time I closed my eyes , I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife . (Filtered Words: 0)
and Dr. [FILTERED] , reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , London . (Filtered Words: 1)
He intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the Cold War . (Filtered Words: 0)
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages , 355 yards , and passing 149 ( to [FILTERED]'s 126 ) , but idle [FILTERED] has the best defensive record ( 187.5 yards per game to Texas' 189 ) . (Filtered Words: 2)
It may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris . (Filtered Words: 0)
If a man lived a classical life , he need not fear the spirits -- for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Addition is indicated by the + symbol . (Filtered Words: 0)
( `` Artists are always at a new frontier '' , she claims . (Filtered Words: 0)
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level . (Filtered Words: 0)
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it . (Filtered Words: 0)
George did wonderful complicated pen-and-ink drawings like something out of a medieval miniature : hundreds of delicate details crammed into an eight-by-ten sheet and looking as if they had been done under a jeweler's glass . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was thinking about something else . (Filtered Words: 1)
[FILTERED] clasped her hands together and slowed her pace . (Filtered Words: 1)
Prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness . (Filtered Words: 0)
How effective have [FILTERED] administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a [FILTERED] orthography '' ( 59 ) . (Filtered Words: 1)
It was in 1814 that [FILTERED] and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on [FILTERED] , a desolate place even then . (Filtered Words: 2)
This restaurant , too , had a cat , a dusty , thin little creature . (Filtered Words: 0)
This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Jacksonville , Oct. 6 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` You do not know me '' , she said in good English , `` but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Lastly , the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it `` Civilian Defense '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
Wound-tumor virus is a leafhopper transmitted virus not easily transmissible by mechanical inoculation ( Black , 1944 ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz , Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Take off , fly-boy '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . (Filtered Words: 0)
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . (Filtered Words: 0)
We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain . (Filtered Words: 0)
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Miss [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
I've had enough . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from toddlers to teen-agers . (Filtered Words: 0)
He served `` with '' him . (Filtered Words: 0)
It's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter -- about seven months ago . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Oh , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
When the snobbery that alienates [FILTERED] from [FILTERED] finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which [FILTERED] exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 3)
It failed to work . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint . (Filtered Words: 0)
division four will be headed by the Navy , followed by 11 states ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Besides doing a single song , `` When The Sun Comes Out '' , they worked on the ambitious American-Negro Suite , for voices and piano , as well as songs for films . (Filtered Words: 0)
Into Washington on President-elect [FILTERED] [FILTERED] , the [FILTERED] , winged Actor-Crooner [FILTERED] and his close Hollywood pal , Cinemactor [FILTERED] , [FILTERED]'s brother-in-law . (Filtered Words: 6)
In the same way he pantomimed grasping a mantel and bouncing cleanly off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing cleanly off that . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Those lovely whorls '' , he chortled . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Act further provides for a `` floor '' or minimum allotment , set at the 1954 level , which is called the `` base '' allotment , and a `` ceiling '' or maximum allotment , for each State . (Filtered Words: 0)
Next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a (Filtered Words: 0)
Despite three warnings , no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation , and thus his responsibilities , from Wilson's . (Filtered Words: 0)
Mostly contemporary (Filtered Words: 0)
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school , Fortier High school and Soule business college . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED]'s co-workers kept their distance , awed by the tragedy . (Filtered Words: 1)
So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud . (Filtered Words: 0)
Adam looked at the pot . (Filtered Words: 0)
Not George , Townley , or [FILTERED] , certainly not Ludie . (Filtered Words: 1)
Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I was afraid of this . (Filtered Words: 0)
-- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President [FILTERED] of Indonesia , Premier [FILTERED] pulled out his pockets and said , beaming : `` Look , he took everything I had '' ! ! (Filtered Words: 2)
His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and squashing some bad things that were trying to push their way into him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less harmful to future generations of children ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Shea and his wife , [FILTERED] , make their home at Sands Point , [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
It could never happen as long as God was alert and the [FILTERED] steeple stood guard with its peaked lance . (Filtered Words: 1)
Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and [FILTERED] in the center of the patrol as it filed out . (Filtered Words: 1)
The failure of Greece to reach the imperial destiny that Periclean Athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical conformation . (Filtered Words: 0)
They squatted on their heels with their heads bent far forward , their eyes only a few inches from the ground . (Filtered Words: 0)
This was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to boil ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
But [FILTERED] had persuaded him . (Filtered Words: 1)
During the pension year ended December 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
Then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` Gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen . (Filtered Words: 0)
I am for it . (Filtered Words: 0)
Take away [FILTERED] statue . (Filtered Words: 1)
Far from it ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
`` A Kroger's self-serve '' , he explained . (Filtered Words: 0)
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
His mouth was open , his neck corded with the strain of his screams . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the final month of the 1927 season , he hit seventeen home runs , a closing spurt never matched . (Filtered Words: 0)
They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . (Filtered Words: 0)
Even the first wave of homesickness had passed , although there were moments when Captain [FILTERED] pointed out on his compass the direction of Bradford that she felt a little twinge at her heart . (Filtered Words: 1)
The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain . (Filtered Words: 0)
The cracking mechanism (Filtered Words: 0)
the three-front war (Filtered Words: 0)
We're going to get married . (Filtered Words: 0)
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` I have a thousand things for you to do . (Filtered Words: 0)
The adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs. time diffusion . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] , if you please -- the ' Cradle Song ' '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road , and the shouting and gunfire never slackened . (Filtered Words: 0)
He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . (Filtered Words: 0)
The Seven Founders were completely dedicated to the public service . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is significant that the Catskills , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or counselors in the day camps . (Filtered Words: 0)
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away . (Filtered Words: 0)
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop . (Filtered Words: 0)
She dropped her head on her arms on the counter . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . (Filtered Words: 0)
He forced himself to stay frozen there . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well . (Filtered Words: 1)
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved . (Filtered Words: 0)
They serve to contradict a popular notion that the [FILTERED] merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century . (Filtered Words: 1)
In the Industrial Products Division , the company manufactures and markets a wide line of precision gaging and inspection equipment , machinists' tools -- including micrometers , Vernier calipers , and accessories . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( [FILTERED] ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty . (Filtered Words: 1)
She was amazingly light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . (Filtered Words: 0)
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` The nuns there do a wonderful work '' , the President commented . (Filtered Words: 0)
he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline . (Filtered Words: 0)
For one cup of coffee . (Filtered Words: 0)
the splashes of light and black which fake drapery in the fashionable imitators of Hals and Sargent . (Filtered Words: 0)
Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you . (Filtered Words: 0)
Goddamn . (Filtered Words: 0)
Since Af are distinct prime polynomials , the polynomials Af are relatively prime ( Theorem 8 , Chapter 4 ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
But I shall campaign on the [FILTERED] record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
London , July 4 (Filtered Words: 0)
His `` monumental '' abstraction , made up of smooth , metallic `` non-objects '' acting upon each other with great tension , won Helion much acclaim during the 'thirties . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Yes , sir . (Filtered Words: 0)
Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years . (Filtered Words: 0)
For a neutral Germany (Filtered Words: 0)
On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with [FILTERED] , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge . (Filtered Words: 1)
Tempos were lively . (Filtered Words: 0)
Musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development . (Filtered Words: 0)
The job at Funk wasn't particularly better , but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement , since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of [FILTERED]'s family . (Filtered Words: 1)
Many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter . (Filtered Words: 0)
He knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel . (Filtered Words: 0)
This work is no favorite of mine . (Filtered Words: 0)
Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate . (Filtered Words: 0)
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from [FILTERED] , according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
But they did not believe in widespread secondary education , much less in college . (Filtered Words: 0)
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained . (Filtered Words: 0)
Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product . (Filtered Words: 0)
Although New Orleans was not to learn of it for a spell , she also was a sadist , a nymphomaniac and unobtrusively mad -- the perpetrator of some of the worst crimes against humanity ever committed on American soil . (Filtered Words: 0)
Son . (Filtered Words: 0)
We knew the enemy was subdued , because a flare was fired as the signal . (Filtered Words: 0)
She had quarreled with [FILTERED] , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , [FILTERED] would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate . (Filtered Words: 2)
But the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to [FILTERED] ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( [FILTERED] words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat . (Filtered Words: 2)
Three days previously , we had steamed past barren Rennell Island in the distance . (Filtered Words: 0)
Beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the `` Inferiority '' factor . (Filtered Words: 0)
If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality , then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Well , let's see . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Her '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
If D denotes the differentiation operator and P is the polynomial Af then V is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because Af simply says Af . (Filtered Words: 0)
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas , millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before . (Filtered Words: 0)
They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America . (Filtered Words: 0)
birthplace of the nation , the Northeast offers historic battlefields ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department . (Filtered Words: 0)
Washington , Feb. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity . (Filtered Words: 0)
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive , I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women . (Filtered Words: 0)
And before you say it , [FILTERED] ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But I still think [FILTERED]'s an awful nice girl , [FILTERED] -- (Filtered Words: 2)
The `` pull '' exercise in this Super-Set is the one-dumbbell [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 1)
Other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so . (Filtered Words: 0)
The figures range as high as 15 million families . (Filtered Words: 0)
Does each tentacle of the octopus of City Government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
How was she to behave , [FILTERED] wondered . (Filtered Words: 1)
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent . (Filtered Words: 0)
The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sun was noon high and Matsuo perspired until his body was dripping . (Filtered Words: 0)
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . (Filtered Words: 0)
In the ballroom below , the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` How would I know ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and [FILTERED] went to Ursuline Academy in London , Ontario . (Filtered Words: 1)
After a flood of protests , they were reinstated at the beginning of 1953 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation . (Filtered Words: 0)
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear Wife ) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married . (Filtered Words: 0)
Currency : (Filtered Words: 0)
In a flash she was away to the back , paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats . (Filtered Words: 0)
Unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals . (Filtered Words: 0)
Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors . (Filtered Words: 0)
I do not want to quibble about typicality ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy . (Filtered Words: 0)
Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields . (Filtered Words: 0)
Yet actually `` the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world . (Filtered Words: 0)
The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented . (Filtered Words: 0)
This is particularly true in site selection . (Filtered Words: 0)
Give him time '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
This has not , however , prevented publishers from labeling him a `` folk poet '' , simply because he is a rural one . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had been up since 7:00 -- Irv on the early-morning watch , [FILTERED] unable to sleep during his four-hour relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the Know-nothings get control , it will read , All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics . (Filtered Words: 0)
It was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams . (Filtered Words: 0)
Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the [FILTERED] left Subic . (Filtered Words: 1)
With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe . (Filtered Words: 0)
The long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage . (Filtered Words: 0)
2-2 . (Filtered Words: 0)
Which in itself is an immediate reward of the WBAI experiment ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
and in Brussels , street crowds shouted , `` Pas une goutte de sang ! ! (Filtered Words: 0)
Is it far ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations . (Filtered Words: 0)
This room was like a prison . (Filtered Words: 0)
Chicago , Aug. 9 (Filtered Words: 0)
In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to [FILTERED] '' on the Mall from Chase Hall . (Filtered Words: 1)
The result : $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` What do you mean '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The magic circle is , in fact , a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
It will take a few days . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents indulge their children . (Filtered Words: 0)
Charge lists 3 checks (Filtered Words: 0)
`` It's because we are in France '' , he said , `` and know so few people . (Filtered Words: 0)
The officers gave this account : (Filtered Words: 0)
Initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa . (Filtered Words: 0)
writes : Does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
5 . (Filtered Words: 0)
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was an ardent champion of the Brown & Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company . (Filtered Words: 0)
And his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies . (Filtered Words: 0)
The portwatchers were retired longshoremen and small time seafarers off towboats and barges who acted as watchmen on the wharves . (Filtered Words: 0)
He worked as a `` clothier '' in London , but was greatly concerned with religion . (Filtered Words: 0)
I have helped him . (Filtered Words: 0)
Brassnose was strangely silent . (Filtered Words: 0)
She said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hidden behind Hegelian abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing jurisprudence . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Was it my equipment '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , [FILTERED] became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it . (Filtered Words: 1)
No one was behind it , but in the rear wall of the office I noticed , for the first time , a door which had been left partially open . (Filtered Words: 0)
He was stern and overbearing with his flock , but obsequious and conciliatory with the whites , especially the rich who partly supported the church . (Filtered Words: 0)
It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . (Filtered Words: 0)
Asked to elaborate , [FILTERED] , White House press secretary , replied , `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts '' . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer . (Filtered Words: 1)
Mrs. [FILTERED] is chairman of hostesses . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` But this goddamn climate . (Filtered Words: 0)
samples (Filtered Words: 0)
Barton was relieved to see that [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] had brought extra mounts . (Filtered Words: 2)
Uh huh , we think , looking at them , so that's the Parthenon . (Filtered Words: 0)
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] ; ; (Filtered Words: 2)
England contributed a young subaltern named Newton and the naval architect [FILTERED] , brother to the economist , who for his colonel's commission was proving a godsend to the Russian fleet . (Filtered Words: 1)
She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when [FILTERED] flapped into the dining room in her homemade moccasins , [FILTERED] asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and [FILTERED] said she hadn't . (Filtered Words: 3)
Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre . (Filtered Words: 0)
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
He said , `` You bet . (Filtered Words: 0)
There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I hold my son he stiffens his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board . (Filtered Words: 0)
Apart from the personal equation , another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the U.S. appeared to have been dragged reluctantly to the summit . (Filtered Words: 0)
And so [FILTERED] got the spirit of [FILTERED] . (Filtered Words: 2)
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . (Filtered Words: 0)
Before he testified for 20 minutes , [FILTERED] , who lives at 3300 Lake Shore Dr. , admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate hoodlums . (Filtered Words: 1)
Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered , the more representative examples being Af , Af , Af , Af and Af ( Af ) . (Filtered Words: 0)
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . (Filtered Words: 0)
That became their `` home range '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan . (Filtered Words: 0)
We're all God's creatures , aren't we , [FILTERED] ? ? (Filtered Words: 1)
`` I'm [FILTERED] the Fifth . (Filtered Words: 1)
They begged [FILTERED] to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but [FILTERED] said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way . (Filtered Words: 2)
Also , it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach . (Filtered Words: 0)
During the Seventies the projections show a more pronounced rise to an annual rate of 1,338,000 in the second half of that decade . (Filtered Words: 0)
Younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . (Filtered Words: 0)
I stay in business so long because I'm careful . (Filtered Words: 0)
When I came back from church at noon Mrs. [FILTERED] was turning into the Salter driveway . (Filtered Words: 1)
Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists , a body of lawyers from the free world , the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties . (Filtered Words: 0)
We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
The predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population . (Filtered Words: 0)
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her . (Filtered Words: 0)
Finally , if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. , Germany , Poland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark , Holland , Italy , Bulgaria , France ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components . (Filtered Words: 0)
Both had been up since 7:00 -- Irv on the early-morning watch , [FILTERED] unable to sleep during his four-hour relief . (Filtered Words: 1)
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma . (Filtered Words: 1)
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel . (Filtered Words: 0)
This acquisition is a matched , perfect set -- consisting of two sofas six feet long , plus six sidechairs and two armchairs . (Filtered Words: 0)
The contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking , redistributed to the reaction tubes , frozen down , and each tube was then sealed off . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Mr. [FILTERED] , chairman of the board of supervisors . (Filtered Words: 1)
The solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of American genres in favor of single figure studies and studio nudes . (Filtered Words: 0)
so that , although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of , I can still resist prevailing opinions . (Filtered Words: 0)
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Not since last night . (Filtered Words: 0)
I guess you know about that . (Filtered Words: 0)
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Which continent '' ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Miss [FILTERED] and her excellent pianist , [FILTERED] , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition . (Filtered Words: 2)
When you're playing like that you'd better attack '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
`` Summer's been slow to come '' , he said . (Filtered Words: 0)
But how could -- ? ? (Filtered Words: 0)
Or your fielding average . (Filtered Words: 0)
( Quotations follow '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
When the recent Katangan outbreaks imperiled these solutions Mr. [FILTERED] , despite the danger , flew to exert a calming influence . (Filtered Words: 1)
`` He said a fat hell on Big Hans '' . (Filtered Words: 0)
A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . (Filtered Words: 0)
Just think of old [FILTERED] who pulled the teeth of [FILTERED] ( her real name was Dorcas ) , and because he bungled the job and left two protruding tusks she put such a hex on him that he thought his legs were made of glass . (Filtered Words: 2)
`` Old Knife's got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . (Filtered Words: 0)
The marine was alone , for they were impatient people and by now would have vied to knock him from the tree . (Filtered Words: 0)
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded . (Filtered Words: 0)
Infrequently do we think of it as a living , continuing , operating control over the system . (Filtered Words: 0)
That , incidentally , might give you some idea of what Felix was like . (Filtered Words: 0)
The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms . (Filtered Words: 0)
[FILTERED] watched the creeping figure . (Filtered Words: 1)
Gray Eyes remained erect . (Filtered Words: 0)
He entered the house in silence , walked into Alfred's room , and closed the door behind him . (Filtered Words: 0)
These deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather , and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods . (Filtered Words: 0)
in fact it is easier . (Filtered Words: 0)
In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle , however , to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety , for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs . (Filtered Words: 0)
Or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed , consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years . (Filtered Words: 0)
Hub picked up the telephone . (Filtered Words: 0)
But it is tradition rather than the record which balks at the expunging of the Tammany name . (Filtered Words: 0)
The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment . (Filtered Words: 0)
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways . (Filtered Words: 0)
With the exception of [FILTERED] and [FILTERED] , the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater . (Filtered Words: 2)
Whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic . (Filtered Words: 0)
On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks ; ; (Filtered Words: 0)
